Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?
What was the monetary value of the Nobel Peace Prize in 1989 ?
What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?
How much did Mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?
What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?
Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?
What debts did Qintex group leave ?
What is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements -LRB- tics -RRB- , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations -LRB- grunts , shouts , etc. -RRB- ?
How far is Yaroslavl from Moscow ?
Name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as `` jellies '' .
Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?
How much did Manchester United spend on players in 1993 ?
How much could you rent a Volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?
What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?
When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?
What two US biochemists won the Nobel Prize in medicine in 1992 ?
How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?
Who was the first Taiwanese President ?
Who was the leader of the Branch Davidian Cult confronted by the FBI in Waco , Texas in 1993 ?
Where is Inoco based ?
Who was the first American in space ?
When did the Jurassic Period end ?
When did Spain and Korea start ambassadorial relations ?
When did Nixon visit China ?
Who was the lead actress in the movie `` Sleepless in Seattle '' ?
What is the name of the `` female '' counterpart to El Nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?
Where did the 6th annual meeting of Indonesia-Malaysia forest experts take place ?
Who may be best known for breaking the color line in baseball ?
What is the brightest star visible from Earth ?
What are the Valdez Principles ?
Where was Ulysses S. Grant born ?
Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?
What is the largest city in Germany ?
Where is the actress , Marion Davies , buried ?
What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?
In 1990 , what day of the week did Christmas fall on ?
What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?
Where was George Washington born ?
Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?
What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?
What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?
What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?
Who is the director of the international group called the Human Genome Organization -LRB- HUGO -RRB- that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?
When did Lucelly Garcia , a former ambassador of Columbia to Honduras , die ?
Who is the mayor of Marbella ?
What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?
Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?
Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?
When was Dubai 's first concrete house built ?
Who is the president of Stanford University ?
Who invented the road traffic cone ?
Who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?
When did Nixon die ?
Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?
How many calories are there in a Big Mac ?
What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?
Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?
What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?
What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba ?
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?
Who is the voice of Miss Piggy ?
Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?
Name the first private citizen to fly in space .
What is the longest river in the United States ?
What does El Nino mean in spanish ?
Who came up with the name , El Nino ?
How many lives were lost in the China Airlines ' crash in Nagoya , Japan ?
In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?
When did the original Howdy Doody show go off the air ?
Where is the Taj Mahal ?
Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?
What cancer is commonly associated with AIDS ?
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?
Who played the part of the Godfather in the movie , `` The Godfather '' ?
Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?
What did Shostakovich write for Rostropovich ?
What is the name of the promising anticancer compound derived from the pacific yew tree ?
How many inhabitants live in the town of Ushuaia ?
How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?
What is the tallest building in Japan ?
Which country is Australia 's largest export market ?
Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?
Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?
Who followed Willy Brandt as chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany ?
What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?
At what age did Rossini stop writing opera ?
Who is the founder of Scientology ?
Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?
Who released the Internet worm in the late 1980s ?
Who first circumnavigated the globe ?
Who wrote the song , `` Stardust '' ?
What country is the world 's leading supplier of cannabis ?
What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die ?
How large is the Arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on Alaska 's north coast ?
Where is the highest point in Japan ?
What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?
How many people live in the Falklands ?
Who is the Voyager project manager ?
How many people died when the Estonia sank in 1994 ?
What language is most commonly used in Bombay ?
How many people does Honda employ in the U.S. ?
What is the second highest mountain peak in the world ?
When was China 's first nuclear test ?
Which company created the Internet browser Mosaic ?
Where does Buzz Aldrin want to build a permanent , manned space station ?
Who killed Lee Harvey Oswald ?
How long does it take to travel from Tokyo to Niigata ?
Who is the President of Ghana ?
What is the name of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a brain ?
How much stronger is the new vitreous carbon material invented by the Tokyo Institute of Technology compared with the material made from cellulose ?
What is Head Start ?
Which team won the Super Bowl in 1968 ?
What two researchers discovered the double-helix structure of DNA in 1953 ?
What percentage of the world 's plant and animal species can be found in the Amazon forests ?
What Nobel laureate was expelled from the Philippines before the conference on East Timor ?
Who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929 ?
Who won the first general election for President held in Malawi in May 1994 ?
Who is section manager for guidance and control systems at JPL ?
How many Vietnamese were there in the Soviet Union ?
What was Agent Orange used for during the Vietnam War ?
In what city is the US Declaration of Independence located ?
When did Israel begin turning the Gaza Strip and Jericho over to the PLO ?
Which city has the oldest relationship as a sister-city with Los Angeles ?
Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
How many times was pitcher , Warren Spahn , a 20-game winner in his 21 major league seasons ?
When was Yemen reunified ?
Which Japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?
What is the capital of Uruguay ?
What is the name for the technique of growing certain plants in soils contaminated with toxic metals , wherein the plants take up the toxic metals , are harvested , and the metals recovered for recycling ?
Where is it planned to berth the merchant ship , Lane Victory , which Merchant Marine veterans are converting into a floating museum ?
What famous communist leader died in Mexico City ?
Who is the Queen of Holland ?
Who is the president of the Spanish government ?
What is the name of the normal process in all living things , including humans , in which cells are programmed to `` commit suicide '' ?
How many people did the United Nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian relief in Somalia in September 1992 ?
How many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , December 21 , 1988 ?
What is the duration of the trip from Bristol to London by rail ?
What is the population of Ulan Bator , capital of Mongolia ?
Where does most of the marijuana entering the United States come from ?
How many megawatts will the power project in Indonesia , built by a consortium headed by Mission Energy of US , produce ?
What did John Hinckley do to impress Jodie Foster ?
In what year did Ireland elect its first woman president ?
Who is the prime minister of Japan ?
How many soldiers were involved in the last Panama invasion by the United States of America ?
Where is the Bulls basketball team based ?
What is the length of border between the Ukraine and Russia ?
Where did Dylan Thomas die ?
How many people live in Tokyo ?
What is the capital of California ?
How many Grand Slam titles did Bjorn Borg win ?
Who was the Democratic nominee in the American presidential election ?
When was General Manuel Noriega ousted as the leader of Panama and turned over to U.S. authorities ?
Where is Dartmouth College ?
How many mines can still be found in the Falklands after the war ended ?
Why are electric cars less efficient in the north-east than in California ?
When did French revolutionaries storm the Bastille ?
How rich is Bill Gates ?
What is the capital of Kosovo ?
What state does Charles Robb represent ?
Who is the leading competitor of Trans Union Company ?
Which type of submarine was bought recently by South Korea ?
When did communist control end in Hungary ?
What nationality is Pope John Paul II ?
Who was the captain of the tanker , Exxon Valdez , involved in the oil spill in Prince William Sound , Alaska , 1989 ?
Whom did the Chicago Bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?
Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994 ?
Who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the San Diego county ?
Where is the Keck telescope ?
How many moons does Jupiter have ?
When did Jaco Pastorius die ?
When did beethoven die ?
How many people in Tucson ?
How tall is Mt. Everest ?
What is the capital of Congo ?
What is the capital of Italy ?
What is the capital of Sri Lanka ?
What novel inspired the movie BladeRunner ?
What was the first Gilbert and Sullivan opera ?
What was the name of the computer in `` 2001 : A Space Odyssey '' ?
When was Queen Victoria born ?
When was the battle of the Somme fought ?
Where did the Battle of the Bulge take place ?
Where was Lincoln assassinated ?
When was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?
Where is Qatar ?
Where is South Bend ?
Where was Harry Truman born ?
Who was Secretary of State during the Nixon administration ?
Who was the 16th President of the United States ?
Who wrote `` The Pines of Rome '' ?
Who wrote `` Dubliners '' ?
Who wrote `` Hamlet '' ?
What did Richard Feynman say upon hearing he would receive the Nobel Prize in Physics ?
How did Socrates die ?
How tall is the Matterhorn ?
How tall is the replica of the Matterhorn at Disneyland ?
What was the name of the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?
Where is Belize located ?
How much folic acid should an expectant mother get daily ?
What type of bridge is the Golden Gate Bridge ?
What is the population of the Bahamas ?
How far away is the moon ?
What is Francis Scott Key best known for ?
What state has the most Indians ?
Who invented the paper clip ?
How many dogs pull a sled in the Iditarod ?
Where did bocci originate ?
Who invented the electric guitar ?
Name a flying mammal .
How many hexagons are on a soccer ball ?
Who is the leader of India ?
What is the primary language of the Philippines ?
What is the habitat of the chickadee ?
Who was Whitcomb Judson ?
What is the population of Japan ?
Who is the prime minister of Australia ?
Who killed Martin Luther King ?
Who is Anubis ?
Where 's Montenegro ?
What does laser stand for ?
Who is the Greek God of the Sea ?
Where is the Danube ?
Where does dew come from ?
What is platinum ?
Who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?
When did the vesuvius last erupt ?
Who was the president of Vichy France ?
Who invented television ?
Who made the first airplane ?
Who made the first airplane that could fly ?
How many astronauts have been on the moon ?
Who is Coronado ?
Name one of the major gods of Hinduism ?
What does the abbreviation OAS stand for ?
Who is Barbara Jordan ?
How many years ago did the ship Titanic sink ?
What is a caldera ?
What was the name of the famous battle in 1836 between Texas and Mexico ?
Where did the ukulele originate ?
Who invented baseball ?
Where can you find the Venus flytrap ?
What did Vasco da Gama discover ?
Who won the Battle of Gettysburg ?
What is the largest snake in the world ?
Where is the Valley of the Kings ?
Where did the Maya people live ?
How many people live in Chile ?
When was the first flush toilet invented ?
Who is William Wordsworth ?
What is California 's state bird ?
Who thought of teaching people to tie their shoe laces ?
Who is buried in the great pyramid of Giza ?
What do penguins eat ?
Where do lobsters like to live ?
What are birds descendents of ?
What does NAFTA stand for ?
What company sells the most greeting cards ?
What is the name of the longest ruling dynasty of Japan ?
When was Babe Ruth born ?
Who wrote the Farmer 's Almanac ?
What 's the farthest planet from the sun ?
Where was Pythagoras born ?
What is the name for clouds that produce rain ?
Who killed Caesar ?
Who was Picasso ?
Where is the Orinoco ?
How tall is the giraffe ?
Where are there aborigines ?
Who was the first U.S. president ever to resign ?
Who invented the game Scrabble ?
About how many soldiers died in World War II ?
How much money does the Sultan of Brunei have ?
How large is Missouri 's population ?
What was the death toll at the eruption of Mount Pinatubo ?
Who was Lacan ?
What 's the tallest building in New York City ?
When did Geraldine Ferraro run for vice president ?
What do ladybugs eat ?
Where is Ayer 's rock ?
What is the life expectancy of an elephant ?
When was the first railroad from the east coast to the west coast completed ?
What is the nickname of Pennsylvania ?
Who is Desmond Tutu ?
How fast can a Corvette go ?
What are John C. Calhoun and Henry Clay known as ?
When was Hurricane Hugo ?
When did the Carolingian period begin ?
How big is Australia ?
Who found Hawaii ?
Who is the richest person in the world ?
How many films did Ingmar Bergman make ?
What is the federal minimum wage ?
What did brontosauruses eat ?
What is California 's state tree ?
How many types of lemurs are there ?
What is leukemia ?
Who was the first coach of the Cleveland Browns ?
How many people die from snakebite poisoning in the U.S. per year ?
Who is the prophet of the religion of Islam ?
Where is Tornado Alley ?
What is molybdenum ?
Where do hyenas live ?
Who is Peter Weir ?
How many home runs did Babe Ruth hit in his lifetime ?
Who was Buffalo Bill ?
Where is the bridge over the river Kwai ?
How many Superbowls have the 49ers won ?
Who was the architect of Central Park ?
Who invented paper ?
What is Alice Cooper 's real name ?
Why ca n't ostriches fly ?
Name a tiger that is extinct ?
Where is Guam ?
Where did Bill Gates go to college ?
How many continents are there ?
Where is Romania located ?
When was the De Beers company founded ?
Who was the first king of England ?
Who is the richest woman in the world ?
What is California 's capital ?
What is the size of Argentina ?
What do manatees eat ?
When was the San Francisco fire ?
What was the man 's name who was killed in a duel with Aaron Burr ?
What is the population of Mexico ?
When was the slinky invented ?
How hot is the core of the earth ?
How long would it take to get from Earth to Mars ?
What is the name of the second space shuttle ?
How old is the sun ?
What is the wingspan of a condor ?
When was Microsoft established ?
What 's the average salary of a professional baseball player ?
Who invented basketball ?
What was the ball game of ancient Mayans called ?
Who is Zebulon Pike ?
How wide is the Atlantic Ocean ?
What effect does a prism have on light ?
What 's the longest river in the world ?
Who was considered to be the father of psychology ?
What is the population of Kansas ?
Who is Langston Hughes ?
Who was Monet ?
Who built the first pyramid ?
What is the best-selling book of all time ?
How many Stradivarius violins were ever made ?
Who is Charles Lindbergh ?
Who invented the game bowling ?
The numbering system we use today was introduced to the western world by what culture ?
What is a nematode ?
What is the most expensive car in the world ?
Where does chocolate come from ?
What state in the United States covers the largest area ?
What is a meerkat ?
Where is Melbourne ?
How much in miles is a ten K run ?
How hot does the inside of an active volcano get ?
What is the capital of Burkina Faso ?
What is the capital of Haiti ?
How many people lived in Nebraska in the mid 1980s ?
What is the population of Mozambique ?
Who won the Superbowl in 1982 ?
What is Martin Luther King Jr. 's real birthday ?
Where is Trinidad ?
Where did the Inuits live ?
What is the most common cancer ?
A corgi is a kind of what ?
When was the Triangle Shirtwaist fire ?
Where is the Kalahari desert ?
What is porphyria ?
What ocean did the Titanic sink in ?
Who was the 33rd president of the United States ?
At what speed does the Earth revolve around the sun ?
Who is the emperor of Japan ?
How big is our galaxy in diameter ?
What language is mostly spoken in Brazil ?
Who assassinated President McKinley ?
When did Muhammad live ?
What is the largest variety of cactus ?
Who invented the radio ?
Where are zebras most likely found ?
What is anorexia nervosa ?
What year did Montana become a state ?
What were the names of the three ships used by Columbus ?
Who was the 21st U.S. President ?
Where was John Adams born ?
Who painted Olympia ?
Who was Quetzalcoatl ?
Where is your corpus callosum ?
What is the longest word in the English language ?
What is saltpeter ?
Who invented silly putty ?
When was the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin built ?
When is Boxing Day ?
What is the exchange rate between England and the U.S. ?
What is the name of the Jewish alphabet ?
Who was Maria Theresa ?
What nationality was Jackson Pollock ?
Tell me what city the Kentucky Horse Park is near ?
What is the state nickname of Mississippi ?
Who used to make cars with rotary engines ?
What is the tallest mountain ?
What is Black Hills , South Dakota most famous for ?
What kind of animal was Winnie the Pooh ?
What 's another name for aspartame ?
What does hazmat stand for ?
What tourist attractions are there in Reims ?
Name a film in which Jude Law acted .
Where are the U.S. headquarters for Procter & Gamble ?
What 's the formal name for Lou Gehrig 's disease ?
What does CNN stand for ?
When was CNN 's first broadcast ?
Who owns CNN ?
What is the name of a Salt Lake City newspaper ?
Who was Jane Goodall ?
What is pandoro ?
What is thalassemia ?
When did Princess Diana and Prince Charles get married ?
What soft drink contains the largest amount of caffeine ?
What do you call a group of geese ?
How many months does a normal human pregnancy last ?
What format was VHS 's main competition ?
What culture developed the idea of potlatch ?
Where is Logan International located ?
What university was Woodrow Wilson President of ?
Where is Basque country located ?
What does CPR stand for ?
What state produces the best lobster to eat ?
Who was Darth Vader 's son ?
What is a nanometer ?
How did Bob Marley die ?
What instrument is Ray Charles best known for playing ?
What is Dick Clark 's birthday ?
What is titanium ?
What is `` Nine Inch Nails '' ?
Where was Poe born ?
What king was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?
What 's the name of Pittsburgh 's baseball team ?
What is the chemical formula/name for napalm ?
Where is the location of the Orange Bowl ?
When was the last major eruption of Mount St. Helens ?
What is the abbreviation for Original Equipment Manufacturer ?
What is anise ?
Where is Rider College located ?
What does Nicholas Cage do for a living ?
What does caliente mean -LRB- in English -RRB- ?
Where is McCarren Airport ?
Who created `` The Muppets '' ?
When is Bastille Day ?
What is the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross ?
What is Colin Powell best known for ?
What is the busiest air travel season ?
Where is Webster University ?
What 's the name of a golf course in Myrtle Beach ?
When was John D. Rockefeller born ?
Name a Gaelic language .
Who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` The Cuckoo 's Egg : Tracking a Spy Through the Maze of Computer Espionage '' ?
What is measured in curies ?
What is a stratocaster ?
Where are the headquarters of Eli Lilly ?
Where did Hillary Clinton graduate college ?
Where is Glasgow ?
Who was Samuel Johnsons 's friend and biographer ?
What is tyvek ?
Who coined the term `` cyberspace '' in his novel `` Neuromancer '' ?
Who is the president of Bolivia ?
What year did Hitler die ?
When did the American Civil War end ?
Who created the character of Scrooge ?
Who first broke the sound barrier ?
What is the salary of a U.S. Representative ?
Name one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World .
What are the birth dates for scorpios ?
What is the airport code for Los Angeles International ?
Who provides telephone service in Orange County , California ?
What is the zip code for Fremont , CA ?
Who shot Billy the Kid ?
Who is the monarch of the United Kingdom ?
What is sake ?
What is the name of the Lion King 's son in the movie , `` The Lion King '' ?
Where is Amsterdam ?
How many states have a `` lemon law '' for new automobiles ?
What was the name of the movie that starred Sharon Stone and Arnold Schwarzenegger ?
What continent is Bolivia on ?
What are the Poconos ?
Where did guinea pigs originate ?
Where did Woodstock take place ?
What is the name of the vaccine for chicken pox ?
What is Betsy Ross famous for ?
Who wrote the book , `` The Grinch Who Stole Christmas '' ?
When did Aldous Huxley write , `` Brave New World '' ?
Who wrote the book , `` Song of Solomon '' ?
Who portrayed Jake in the television show , `` Jake and the Fatman '' ?
Who portrayed Fatman in the television show , `` Jake and the Fatman '' ?
Where is Venezuela ?
What city in Florida is Sea World in ?
What is the population of Ohio ?
What is one of the cities that the University of Minnesota is located in ?
What kind of sports team is the Buffalo Sabres ?
Who is the founder of the Wal-Mart stores ?
What city is Massachusetts General Hospital located in ?
Who reports the weather on the `` Good Morning America '' television show ?
When did the California lottery begin ?
Where is Los Vegas ?
When was Beethoven born ?
What 's the name of the tiger that advertises for Frosted Flakes cereal ?
Where is Tufts University ?
What movie did Madilyn Kahn star in with Gene Wilder ?
When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place ?
What cereal goes `` snap , crackle , pop '' ?
For what disease is the drug Sinemet used as a treatment ?
Who is Henry Butler ?
What province is Edmonton located in ?
In what area of the world was the Six Day War fought ?
What is the zip code for Parsippany , NJ ?
When was the first Barbie produced ?
What was the distinguishing mark on the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
What does EKG stand for ?
What is Chiricahua the name of ?
Where did Wicca first develop ?
Name a symptom of mononucleosis .
Where are diamonds mined ?
When was the NFL established ?
What are geckos ?
Who is Terrence Malick ?
What other name were `` the Little Rascals '' known as ?
What was the name of the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
What breed of dog was the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
Who won the rugby world cup in 1987 ?
Where is Windsor Castle ?
Who portrayed `` Rosanne Rosanna-Dana '' on the television show `` Saturday Night Live '' ?
What is the population of the United States ?
What animal do buffalo wings come from ?
When was the bar-code invented ?
What is witch hazel ?
What 's the abbreviation for limited partnership ?
What was the purpose of the Manhattan project ?
What is the most common kind of skin cancer in the U.S. ?
Name a civil war battlefield .
What are pomegranates ?
Who wrote the song , `` Silent Night '' ?
Who portrayed `` the man without a face '' in the movie of the same name ?
When was the Hoover Dam constructed ?
What 's the most famous tourist attraction in Rome ?
At Christmas time , what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe ?
What is the Pennsylvania state income tax rate ?
What is the name of the Michelangelo painting that shows two hands with fingers touching ?
What caused the Lynmouth floods ?
What is the name of the company that manufactures the `` American Girl '' doll collection ?
How many zip codes are there in the U.S. ?
What was the name of the Titanic 's captain ?
How many copies of an album must be sold for it to be a gold album ?
When is the Tulip Festival in Michigan ?
What is Giorgio Vasari famous for ?
Who created the character James Bond ?
What store does Martha Stewart advertise for ?
Name an American made motorcycle .
What Cruise Line does Kathie Lee Gifford advertise for ?
Name a movie that the actress , Sandra Bullock , had a role in .
Where is the Thomas Edison Museum ?
What is TCI ?
What state does MO stand for ?
Name a female figure skater .
What state is the Filenes store located in ?
How much calcium should an adult female have daily ?
What hockey team did Wayne Gretzky play for ?
What hair color can I use to just cover a little gray ?
How long would it take for a $ 50 savings bond to mature ?
How many home runs did Lou Gehrig have during his career ?
How many states have a lottery ?
What kind of a sports team is the Wisconsin Badgers ?
What is the name of Joan Jett 's band ?
Can you give me the name of a clock maker in London , England ?
What was the name of the sitcom that Alyssa Milano starred in with Tony Danza ?
What is the real name of the singer , Madonna ?
Where did yoga originate ?
What flower did Vincent Van Gogh paint ?
What radio station did Paul Harvey work for ?
What 's the name of the song Will Smith sings about parents ?
What does NASA stand for ?
What famous model was married to Billy Joel ?
What is the chemical symbol for nitrogen ?
In what book can I find the story of Aladdin ?
When did World War I start ?
What state is Niagra Falls located in ?
What 's the name of the actress who starred in the movie , `` Silence of the Lambs '' ?
Who owns the St. Louis Rams ?
Where could I go to take a ride on a steam locomotive ?
When was the movie , Caligula , made ?
Name an American war plane ?
Where is Burma ?
How many highway miles to the gallon can you get with the Ford Fiesta ?
Name a novel written by John Steinbeck
Who wrote the song , `` Boys of Summer '' ?
What is the mascot for Notre Dame University ?
What is typhoid fever ?
When did the neanderthal man live ?
Who manufactures the software , `` PhotoShop '' ?
How many casinos are in Atlantic City , NJ ?
What state does Martha Stewart live in ?
Who was the first woman in space ?
What are Cushman and Wakefield known for ?
What is D.B. Cooper known for ?
When was Nostradamus born ?
When was `` the Great Depression '' ?
What is Archimedes famous for ?
What is the medical condition of hypertension ?
Who created the comic strip , `` Garfield '' ?
Where is the Isle of Man ?
Who wrote the book , `` Huckleberry Finn '' ?
What day is known as the `` national day of prayer '' ?
What is the purpose of a car bra ?
What are chloroplasts ?
What is the name of the art of growing miniature trees ?
What is the telephone number for the University of Kentucky ?
Who wrote `` The Scarlet Letter '' ?
Name an art gallery in New York .
What type of hunting are retrievers used for ?
What party was Winston Churchill a member of ?
How was Teddy Roosevelt related to FDR ?
When did the Chernobyl nuclear accident occur ?
What does SIDS stand for ?
What 's the name of the star of the cooking show , `` Galloping Gourmet '' ?
What city is 94.5 KDGE Radio located in ?
What President became Chief Justice after his presidency ?
How tall is kilamanjaro ?
Who won the nobel prize in literature in 1988 ?
What 's the name of the Tampa newspaper ?
How long do hermit crabs live ?
What is Dr. Ruth 's last name ?
What is cribbage ?
Italy is the largest producer of what ?
What wrestling star became `` The Incredible Hulk '' ?
Who wrote `` The Pit and the Pendulum '' ?
Who manufacturers Magic Chef applicances ?
When was the first Wall Street Journal published ?
What is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?
Who 's the lead singer of the Led Zeppelin band ?
Who wrote `` An Ideal Husband '' ?
What is ouzo ?
When did the Dow first reach 2000 ?
Who was Charles Lindbergh 's wife ?
How many miles is it from London , England to Plymouth , England ?
Who is Secretary-General of the United Nations ?
Who played the teacher in Dead Poet 's Society ?
How many counties are in Indiana ?
What actress starred in `` The Lion in Winter '' ?
Where was Tesla born ?
What 's the name of a hotel in Indianapolis ?
What U.S. Government agency registers trademarks ?
Who started the Dominos Pizza chain ?
What is the hair style called that new military recruits receive ?
In what country is a stuck-out tongue a friendly greeting ?
Where is Kings Canyon ?
Where is the Mayo Clinic ?
How big is the Electoral College ?
How much does one ton of cement cost ?
Where does Mother Angelica live ?
How many people watch network television ?
What is the name of a Greek god ?
What year was the first automobile manufactured ?
What 's the population of Mississippi ?
What was the name of Jacques Cousteau 's ship ?
What are the names of Jacques Cousteau 's two sons ?
What is Java ?
What does Final Four refer to in the sports world ?
What does Knight Ridder publish ?
What task does the Bouvier breed of dog perform ?
What sport do the Cleaveland Cavaliers play ?
What year was the Avery Dennison company founded ?
What 's the population of Biloxi , Mississippi
Name a ballet company Mikhail Baryshnikov has danced for ?
What was the name of the television show , staring Karl Malden , that had San Francisco in the title ?
Who was the founding member of the Pink Floyd band ?
What did Delilah do to Samson 's hair ?
What 's the name of the Tokyo Stock Exchange ?
What actor first portrayed James Bond ?
What type of horses appear on the Budweiser commercials ?
What do river otters eat ?
When did the art of quilting begin ?
When did Amtrak begin operations ?
Where is the Smithsonian Institute located ?
What year did the Vietnam War end ?
What country are Godiva chocolates from ?
How many islands does Fiji have ?
What card company sells Christmas ornaments ?
Who manufactures synthroid ?
What year was Desmond Mpilo Tutu awarded the Nobel Peace Prize ?
What city did the Flintstones live in ?
Who was the oldest U.S. president ?
Who was the tallest U.S. president ?
Where is Santa Lucia ?
Which U.S. President is buried in Washington , D.C. ?
Where is Ocho Rios ?
What year was Janet Jackson 's first album released ?
What is another name for nearsightedness ?
Winnie the Pooh is what kind of animal ?
What species was Winnie the Pooh ?
Winnie the Pooh is an imitation of which animal ?
What was the species of Winnie the Pooh ?
Aspartame is also known as what ?
What is a synonym for aspartame ?
Aspartame is known by what other name ?
Aspartame is also called what ?
Hazmat stands for what ?
What is the definition of hazmat ?
What are the names of the tourist attractions in Reims ?
What do most tourists visit in Reims ?
What attracts tourists to Reims ?
What are tourist attractions in Reims ?
What could I see in Reims ?
What is worth seeing in Reims ?
What can one see in Reims ?
Jude Law was in what movie ?
Jude Law acted in which film ?
What is a film starring Jude Law ?
What film was Jude Law in ?
What film or films has Jude Law appeared in ?
What city houses the U.S. headquarters of Procter and Gamble ?
Where is Procter & Gamble headquartered in the U.S. ?
What is the U.S. location of Procter & Gamble corporate offices ?
Procter & Gamble is headquartered in which U.S. city ?
Where is Procter & Gamble based in the U.S. ?
What is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant women ?
How much folic acid should a pregnant woman get each day ?
What is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?
What amount of folic acid should an expectant mother take daily ?
Name the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk .
Who was the first Russian astronaut to walk in space ?
Who was the first Russian to do a spacewalk ?
CNN is the abbreviation for what ?
CNN is an acronym for what ?
What was the date of CNN 's first broadcast ?
CNN began broadcasting in what year ?
CNN 's first broadcast occurred on what date ?
When did CNN begin broadcasting ?
When did CNN go on the air ?
Who is the owner of CNN ?
CNN is owned by whom ?
What newspaper serves Salt Lake City ?
Name a Salt Lake City newspaper .
What is Jane Goodall famous for ?
What is Jane Goodall known for ?
Why is Jane Goodall famous ?
What made Jane Goodall famous ?
Define thalassemia .
What is the meaning of thalassemia ?
How is thalassemia defined ?
What soft drink is most heavily caffeinated ?
What is the most heavily caffeinated soft drink ?
To get the most caffeine , what soda should I drink ?
Which type of soda has the greatest amount of caffeine ?
What soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?
What is the collective term for geese ?
What is the collective noun for geese ?
What is the term for a group of geese ?
What is the name given to a group of geese ?
What is the gestation period for human pregnancies ?
How long is human gestation ?
What is the gestation period for humans ?
A normal human pregnancy lasts how many months ?
What was the alternate to VHS ?
What video format was an alternative to VHS ?
What format was the major competition of VHS ?
What ethnic group introduced the idea of potlatch ?
What is the cultural origin of the ceremony of potlatch ?
Who developed potlatch ?
Where is Logan Airport ?
What city is Logan Airport in ?
Logan International serves what city ?
Logan International is located in what city ?
What city 's airport is named Logan International ?
What city is served by Logan International Airport ?
Woodrow Wilson was president of which university ?
Name the university of which Woodrow Wilson was president .
Woodrow Wilson served as president of what university ?
What does the acronym CPR mean ?
What do the initials CPR stand for ?
CPR is the abbreviation for what ?
What is the meaning of `` CPR '' ?
What was the name of Darth Vader 's son ?
What was Darth Vader 's son named ?
What caused the death of Bob Marley ?
What killed Bob Marley ?
What was the cause of Bob Marley 's death ?
What instrument does Ray Charles play ?
Musician Ray Charles plays what instrument ?
Ray Charles plays which instrument ?
Ray Charles is best known for playing what instrument ?
When was Dick Clark born ?
When is Dick Clark 's birthday ?
What is Dick Clark 's date of birth ?
What was Poe 's birthplace ?
What was the birthplace of Edgar Allen Poe ?
Where is Poe 's birthplace ?
What monarch signed the Magna Carta ?
Which king signed the Magna Carta ?
Who was the king who was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?
What king signed the Magna Carta ?
Who was the king who signed the Magna Carta ?
Where is one 's corpus callosum found ?
What part of your body contains the corpus callosum ?
The corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?
What English word has the most letters ?
What English word contains the most letters ?
What is the longest English word ?
What is the name of the inventor of silly putty ?
Silly putty was invented by whom ?
Who was the inventor of silly putty ?
When was Berlin 's Brandenburg gate erected ?
What is the date of Boxing Day ?
What date is Boxing Day ?
Boxing Day is celebrated on what date ?
What city does McCarren Airport serve ?
What city is served by McCarren Airport ?
McCarren Airport is located in what city ?
What is the location of McCarren Airport ?
Where is McCarren Airport located ?
Who invented `` The Muppets '' ?
What was the name of `` The Muppets '' creator ?
`` The Muppets '' was created by whom ?
Name the creator of `` The Muppets '' .
Who is the creator of `` The Muppets '' ?
What is the date of Bastille Day ?
Bastille Day occurs on which date ?
What is the equivalent of the Red Cross in the Middle East ?
What is the name of the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross ?
Name the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross .
What is the Islamic equivalent of the Red Cross ?
What is the name given to the Islamic counterpart of the Red Cross ?
Colin Powell is most famous for what ?
Colin Powell is best known for what achievement ?
Who is Colin Powell ?
Colin Powell is famous for what ?
What time of year do most people fly ?
What time of year has the most air travel ?
What time of year is air travel the heaviest ?
At what time of year is air travel at a peak ?
Name a golf course in Myrtle Beach .
What is Pittsburg 's baseball team called ?
The major league baseball team in Pittsburgh is called what ?
Name Pittsburgh 's baseball team .
What city is the Orange Bowl in ?
The Orange Bowl is in what city ?
The Orange Bowl is located in what city ?
Where is the Orange Bowl ?
When did Mount St. Helens last erupt ?
When did Mount St. Helen last have a major eruption ?
When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant eruption ?
How do you abbreviate `` Original Equipment Manufacturer '' ?
How is `` Original Equipment Manufacturer '' abbreviated ?
Where can one find Rider College ?
What is the location of Rider College ?
Rider College is located in what city ?
Where is Rider College ?
What is the occupation of Nicholas Cage ?
What is Nicholas Cage 's profession ?
What is Nicholas Cage 's occupation ?
What does caliente translate to in English ?
What is the English meaning of caliente ?
What is the meaning of caliente -LRB- in English -RRB- ?
What is the English translation for the word `` caliente '' ?
What is the Jewish alphabet called ?
The Jewish alphabet is called what ?
The Jewish alphabet is known as what ?
Jackson Pollock was a native of what country ?
Jackson Pollock is of what nationality ?
What was the nationality of Jackson Pollock ?
The Kentucky Horse Park is close to which American city ?
Where is the Kentucky Horse Park located ?
Where is the Kentucky Horse Park ?
What city is the Kentucky Horse Park near ?
The Kentucky Horse Park is located near what city ?
What is a nickname for Mississippi ?
Mississippi is nicknamed what ?
Mississippi has what name for a state nickname ?
What is the nickname for the state of Mississippi ?
What is the nickname of the state of Mississippi ?
Rotary engines were manufactured by which company ?
Who made the rotary engine automobile ?
Rotary engine cars were made by what company ?
Rotary engines used to be made by whom ?
What company produced rotary engine vehicles ?
What is the world 's highest peak ?
What is the highest mountain in the world ?
Name the highest mountain .
What is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?
What makes Black Hills , South Dakota a tourist attraction ?
What are the Black Hills known for ?
How far is it from Denver to Aspen ?
What county is Modesto , California in ?
Who was Galileo ?
What is an atom ?
When did Hawaii become a state ?
How tall is the Sears Building ?
George Bush purchased a small interest in which baseball team ?
What is Australia 's national flower ?
Why does the moon turn orange ?
What is autism ?
What city had a world fair in 1900 ?
What person 's head is on a dime ?
What is the average weight of a Yellow Labrador ?
Who was the first man to fly across the Pacific Ocean ?
When did Idaho become a state ?
What is the life expectancy for crickets ?
What metal has the highest melting point ?
Who developed the vaccination against polio ?
What is epilepsy ?
What year did the Titanic sink ?
Who was the first American to walk in space ?
What is a biosphere ?
What river in the US is known as the Big Muddy ?
What is bipolar disorder ?
What is cholesterol ?
Who developed the Macintosh computer ?
What is caffeine ?
What imaginary line is halfway between the North and South Poles ?
Where is John Wayne airport ?
What hemisphere is the Philippines in ?
What is the average speed of the horses at the Kentucky Derby ?
Where are the Rocky Mountains ?
What are invertebrates ?
What is the temperature at the center of the earth ?
When did John F. Kennedy get elected as President ?
How old was Elvis Presley when he died ?
Where is the Orinoco River ?
How far is the service line from the net in tennis ?
How much fiber should you have per day ?
How many Great Lakes are there ?
Material called linen is made from what plant ?
What is Teflon ?
What is amitriptyline ?
What is a shaman ?
What is the proper name for a female walrus ?
What is a group of turkeys called ?
How long did Rip Van Winkle sleep ?
What are triglycerides ?
How many liters are in a gallon ?
What is the name of the chocolate company in San Francisco ?
What are amphibians ?
Who discovered x-rays ?
Which comedian 's signature line is `` Can we talk '' ?
What is fibromyalgia ?
What is done with worn or outdated flags ?
What does cc in engines mean ?
When did Elvis Presley die ?
What is the capital of Yugoslavia ?
Where is Milan ?
What is the speed hummingbirds fly ?
What is the oldest city in the United States ?
What was W.C. Fields ' real name ?
What river flows between Fargo , North Dakota and Moorhead , Minnesota ?
What do bats eat ?
What state did the Battle of Bighorn take place in ?
Who was Abraham Lincoln ?
What do you call a newborn kangaroo ?
What are spider veins ?
What day and month did John Lennon die ?
What strait separates North America from Asia ?
What is the population of Seattle ?
How much was a ticket for the Titanic ?
What is the largest city in the world ?
What American composer wrote the music for `` West Side Story '' ?
Where is the Mall of the America ?
What is the pH scale ?
What type of currency is used in Australia ?
How tall is the Gateway Arch in St. Louis , MO ?
How much does the human adult female brain weigh ?
Who was the first governor of Alaska ?
What is a prism ?
When was the first liver transplant ?
Who was elected president of South Africa in 1994 ?
What is the population of China ?
When was Rosa Parks born ?
Why is a ladybug helpful ?
What is amoxicillin ?
Who was the first female United States Representative ?
What are xerophytes ?
What country did Ponce de Leon come from ?
The U.S. Department of Treasury first issued paper currency for the U.S. during which war ?
What is desktop publishing ?
What is the temperature of the sun 's surface ?
What year did Canada join the United Nations ?
What is the oldest university in the US ?
Where is Prince Edward Island ?
Mercury , what year was it discovered ?
What is cryogenics ?
What are coral reefs ?
What is the longest major league baseball winning streak ?
What is neurology ?
Who invented the calculator ?
How do you measure earthquakes ?
Who is Duke Ellington ?
What county is Phoenix , AZ in ?
What is a micron ?
The sun 's core , what is the temperature ?
What is the Ohio state bird ?
When were William Shakespeare 's twins born ?
What is the highest dam in the U.S. ?
What color is a poison arrow frog ?
What is acupuncture ?
What is the length of the coastline of the state of Alaska ?
What is the name of Neil Armstrong 's wife ?
What is Hawaii 's state flower ?
Who won Ms. American in 1989 ?
When did the Hindenberg crash ?
What mineral helps prevent osteoporosis ?
What was the last year that the Chicago Cubs won the World Series ?
Where is Perth ?
What year did WWII begin ?
What is the diameter of a golf ball ?
What is an eclipse ?
Who discovered America ?
What is the earth 's diameter ?
Which president was unmarried ?
How wide is the Milky Way galaxy ?
During which season do most thunderstorms occur ?
What is Wimbledon ?
What is the gestation period for a cat ?
How far is a nautical mile ?
Who was the abolitionist who led the raid on Harper 's Ferry in 1859 ?
What does target heart rate mean ?
What was the first satellite to go into space ?
What is foreclosure ?
What is the major fault line near Kentucky ?
Where is the Holland Tunnel ?
Who wrote the hymn `` Amazing Grace '' ?
What position did Willie Davis play in baseball ?
What are platelets ?
What is severance pay ?
What is the name of Roy Roger 's dog ?
Where are the National Archives ?
What is a baby turkey called ?
What is poliomyelitis ?
What is the longest bone in the human body ?
Who is a German philosopher ?
What were Christopher Columbus ' three ships ?
What does Phi Beta Kappa mean ?
What is nicotine ?
What is another name for vitamin B1 ?
Who discovered radium ?
What are sunspots ?
When was Algeria colonized ?
What baseball team was the first to make numbers part of their uniform ?
What continent is Egypt on ?
What is the capital of Mongolia ?
What is nanotechnology ?
In the late 1700's British convicts were used to populate which colony ?
What state is the geographic center of the lower 48 states ?
What is an obtuse angle ?
What are polymers ?
When is hurricane season in the Caribbean ?
Where is the volcano Mauna Loa ?
What is another astronomic term for the Northern Lights ?
What peninsula is Spain part of ?
When was Lyndon B. Johnson born ?
What is acetaminophen ?
What state has the least amount of rain per year ?
Who founded American Red Cross ?
What year did the Milwaukee Braves become the Atlanta Braves ?
How fast is alcohol absorbed ?
When is the summer solstice ?
What is supernova ?
Where is the Shawnee National Forest ?
What U.S. state 's motto is `` Live free or Die '' ?
Where is the Lourve ?
When was the first stamp issued ?
What primary colors do you mix to make orange ?
How far is Pluto from the sun ?
What body of water are the Canary Islands in ?
What is neuropathy ?
Where is the Euphrates River ?
What is cryptography ?
What is natural gas composed of ?
Who is the Prime Minister of Canada ?
What French ruler was defeated at the battle of Waterloo ?
What is leukemia ?
Where did Howard Hughes die ?
What is the birthstone for June ?
What is the sales tax in Minnesota ?
What is the distance in miles from the earth to the sun ?
What is the average life span for a chicken ?
When was the first Wal-Mart store opened ?
What is relative humidity ?
What city has the zip code of 35824 ?
What currency is used in Algeria ?
Who invented the hula hoop ?
What was the most popular toy in 1957 ?
What is pastrami made of ?
What is the name of the satellite that the Soviet Union sent into space in 1957 ?
What city 's newspaper is called `` The Enquirer '' ?
Who invented the slinky ?
What are the animals that do n't have backbones called ?
What is the melting point of copper ?
Where is the volcano Olympus Mons located ?
Who was the 23rd president of the United States ?
What is the average body temperature ?
What does a defibrillator do ?
What is the effect of acid rain ?
What year did the United States abolish the draft ?
How fast is the speed of light ?
What province is Montreal in ?
What New York City structure is also known as the Twin Towers ?
What is fungus ?
What is the most frequently spoken language in the Netherlands ?
What is sodium chloride ?
What are the spots on dominoes called ?
How many pounds in a ton ?
What is influenza ?
What is ozone depletion ?
What year was the Mona Lisa painted ?
What does `` Sitting Shiva '' mean ?
What is the electrical output in Madrid , Spain ?
Which mountain range in North America stretches from Maine to Georgia ?
What is plastic made of ?
What is the population of Nigeria ?
What does your spleen do ?
Where is the Grand Canyon ?
Who invented the telephone ?
What year did the U.S. buy Alaska ?
What is the name of the leader of Ireland ?
What is phenylalanine ?
How many gallons of water are there in a cubic foot ?
What are the two houses of the Legislative branch ?
What is sonar ?
In Poland , where do most people live ?
What is phosphorus ?
What is the location of the Sea of Tranquility ?
How fast is sound ?
What French province is cognac produced in ?
What is Valentine 's Day ?
What causes gray hair ?
What is hypertension ?
What is bandwidth ?
What is the longest suspension bridge in the U.S. ?
What is a parasite ?
What is home equity ?
What do meteorologists do ?
What is the criterion for being legally blind ?
Who is the tallest man in the world ?
What are the twin cities ?
What did Edward Binney and Howard Smith invent in 1903 ?
What is the statue of liberty made of ?
What is pilates ?
What planet is known as the `` red '' planet ?
What is the depth of the Nile river ?
What is the colorful Korean traditional dress called ?
What is Mardi Gras ?
Mexican pesos are worth what in U.S. dollars ?
Who was the first African American to play for the Brooklyn Dodgers ?
Who was the first Prime Minister of Canada ?
How many Admirals are there in the U.S. Navy ?
What instrument did Glenn Miller play ?
How old was Joan of Arc when she died ?
What does the word fortnight mean ?
What is dianetics ?
What is the capital of Ethiopia ?
For how long is an elephant pregnant ?
How did Janice Joplin die ?
What is the primary language in Iceland ?
What is the difference between AM radio stations and FM radio stations ?
What is osteoporosis ?
Who was the first woman governor in the U.S. ?
What is peyote ?
What is the esophagus used for ?
What is viscosity ?
What year did Oklahoma become a state ?
What is the abbreviation for Texas ?
What is a mirror made out of ?
Where on the body is a mortarboard worn ?
What was J.F.K. 's wife 's name ?
What does I.V. stand for ?
What is the chunnel ?
Where is Hitler buried ?
What are antacids ?
What is pulmonary fibrosis ?
What are Quaaludes ?
What is naproxen ?
What is strep throat ?
What is the largest city in the U.S. ?
What is foot and mouth disease ?
What is the life expectancy of a dollar bill ?
What do you call a professional map drawer ?
What are Aborigines ?
What is hybridization ?
What color is indigo ?
How old do you have to be in order to rent a car in Italy ?
What does a barometer measure ?
What color is a giraffe 's tongue ?
What does USPS stand for ?
What year did the NFL go on strike ?
What is solar wind ?
What date did Neil Armstrong land on the moon ?
When was Hiroshima bombed ?
Where is the Savannah River ?
Who was the first woman killed in the Vietnam War ?
What planet has the strongest magnetic field of all the planets ?
Who is the governor of Alaska ?
What year did Mussolini seize power in Italy ?
What is the capital of Persia ?
Where is the Eiffel Tower ?
How many hearts does an octopus have ?
What is pneumonia ?
What is the deepest lake in the US ?
What is a fuel cell ?
Who was the first U.S. president to appear on TV ?
Where is the Little League Museum ?
What are the two types of twins ?
What is the brightest star ?
What is diabetes ?
When was President Kennedy shot ?
What is TMJ ?
What color is yak milk ?
What date was Dwight D. Eisenhower born ?
What does the technical term ISDN mean ?
Why is the sun yellow ?
What is the conversion rate between dollars and pounds ?
When was Abraham Lincoln born ?
What is the Milky Way ?
What is mold ?
What year was Mozart born ?
What is a group of frogs called ?
What is the name of William Penn 's ship ?
What is the melting point of gold ?
What is the street address of the White House ?
What is semolina ?
What fruit is Melba sauce made from ?
What is Ursa Major ?
What is the percentage of water content in the human body ?
How much does water weigh ?
What was President Lyndon Johnson 's reform program called ?
What is the murder rate in Windsor , Ontario ?
Who is the only president to serve 2 non-consecutive terms ?
What is the population of Australia ?
Who painted the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel ?
Name a stimulant .
What is the effect of volcanoes on the climate ?
What year did the Andy Griffith show begin ?
What is acid rain ?
What is the date of Mexico 's independence ?
What is the location of Lake Champlain ?
What is the Illinois state flower ?
What is Maryland 's state bird ?
What is quicksilver ?
Who wrote `` The Devine Comedy '' ?
What is the speed of light ?
What is the width of a football field ?
Why in tennis are zero points called love ?
What kind of dog was Toto in the Wizard of Oz ?
What is a thyroid ?
What does ciao mean ?
What is the only artery that carries blue blood from the heart to the lungs ?
How often does Old Faithful erupt at Yellowstone National Park ?
What is acetic acid ?
What is the elevation of St. Louis , MO ?
What color does litmus paper turn when it comes into contact with a strong acid ?
What are the colors of the German flag ?
What is the Moulin Rouge ?
What soviet seaport is on the Black Sea ?
What is the atomic weight of silver ?
What currency do they use in Brazil ?
What are pathogens ?
What is mad cow disease ?
Name a food high in zinc .
When did North Carolina enter the union ?
Where do apple snails live ?
What are ethics ?
What does CPR stand for ?
What is an annuity ?
Who killed John F. Kennedy ?
Who was the first vice president of the U.S. ?
What birthstone is turquoise ?
Who was the first US President to ride in an automobile to his inauguration ?
How old was the youngest president of the United States ?
When was Ulysses S. Grant born ?
What is Muscular Dystrophy ?
Who lived in the Neuschwanstein castle ?
What is propylene glycol ?
What is a panic disorder ?
Who invented the instant Polaroid camera ?
What is a carcinogen ?
What is a baby lion called ?
What is the world 's population ?
What is nepotism ?
What is die-casting ?
What is myopia ?
What is the sales tax rate in New York ?
Developing nations comprise what percentage of the world 's population ?
What is the fourth highest mountain in the world ?
What is Shakespeare 's nickname ?
What is the heaviest naturally occurring element ?
When is Father 's Day ?
What does the acronym NASA stand for ?
How long is the Columbia River in miles ?
What city 's newspaper is called `` The Star '' ?
What is carbon dioxide ?
Where is the Mason/Dixon line ?
When was the Boston tea party ?
What is metabolism ?
Which U.S.A. president appeared on `` Laugh-In '' ?
What are cigarettes made of ?
What is the capital of Zimbabwe ?
What does NASA stand for ?
What is the state flower of Michigan ?
What are semiconductors ?
What is nuclear power ?
What is a tsunami ?
Who is the congressman from state of Texas on the armed forces committee ?
Who was president in 1913 ?
When was the first kidney transplant ?
What are Canada 's two territories ?
What was the name of the plane Lindbergh flew solo across the Atlantic ?
What is genocide ?
What continent is Argentina on ?
What monastery was raided by Vikings in the late eighth century ?
What is an earthquake ?
Where is the tallest roller coaster located ?
What are enzymes ?
Who discovered oxygen ?
What is bangers and mash ?
What is the name given to the Tiger at Louisiana State University ?
Where are the British crown jewels kept ?
Who was the first person to reach the North Pole ?
What is an ulcer ?
What is vertigo ?
What is the spirometer test ?
When is the official first day of summer ?
What does the abbreviation SOS mean ?
What is the smallest bird in Britain ?
Who invented Trivial Pursuit ?
What gasses are in the troposphere ?
Which country has the most water pollution ?
What is the scientific name for elephant ?
Who is the actress known for her role in the movie `` Gypsy '' ?
What breed of hunting dog did the Beverly Hillbillies own ?
What is the rainiest place on Earth ?
Who was the first African American to win the Nobel Prize in literature ?
When is St. Patrick 's Day ?
What was FDR 's dog 's name ?
What colors need to be mixed to get the color pink ?
What is the most popular sport in Japan ?
What is the active ingredient in baking soda ?
When was Thomas Jefferson born ?
How cold should a refrigerator be ?
When was the telephone invented ?
What is the most common eye color ?
Where was the first golf course in the United States ?
What is schizophrenia ?
What is angiotensin ?
What did Jesse Jackson organize ?
What is New York 's state bird ?
What is the National Park in Utah ?
What is Susan B. Anthony 's birthday ?
In which state would you find the Catskill Mountains ?
What do you call a word that is spelled the same backwards and forwards ?
What are pediatricians ?
What chain store is headquartered in Bentonville , Arkansas ?
What are solar cells ?
What is compounded interest ?
What are capers ?
What is an antigen ?
What currency does Luxembourg use ?
What is the population of Venezuela ?
What type of polymer is used for bulletproof vests ?
What currency does Argentina use ?
What is a thermometer ?
What Canadian city has the largest population ?
What color are crickets ?
Which country gave New York the Statue of Liberty ?
What was the name of the first U.S. satellite sent into space ?
What precious stone is a form of pure carbon ?
What kind of gas is in a fluorescent bulb ?
What is rheumatoid arthritis ?
What river runs through Rowe , Italy ?
What is cerebral palsy ?
What city is also known as `` The Gateway to the West '' ?
How far away is the moon ?
What is the source of natural gas ?
In what spacecraft did U.S. astronaut Alan Shepard make his historic 1961 flight ?
What is pectin ?
What is bio-diversity ?
What 's the easiest way to remove wallpaper ?
What year did the Titanic start on its journey ?
How much of an apple is water ?
Who was the 22nd President of the US ?
What is the money they use in Zambia ?
How many feet in a mile ?
What is the birthstone of October ?
What is e-coli ?
In what country did the game of croquet originate ?
Who is Tom Cruise married to ?
What is the name of the volcano that destroyed the ancient city of Pompeii ?
What was the largest crowd to ever come see Michael Jordan ?
What year was Alaska purchased ?
What mythical Scottish town appears for one day every 100 years ?
When was the telegraph invented ?
What is the democratic party symbol ?
What year did Wilt Chamberlain score 100 points ?
When was the internal combustion engine invented ?
How many chromosomes does a human zygote have ?
How many ounces are in a gallon ?
When did the story of Romeo and Juliet take place ?
When did the shootings at Columbine happen ?
Which political party is Lionel Jospin a member of ?
Which vintage rock and roll singer was known as `` The Killer '' ?
What lays blue eggs ?
What Spanish explorer discovered the Mississippi River ?
Who is the governor of Colorado ?
What river is called `` China 's Sorrow '' ?
What was the length of the Wright brothers ' first flight ?
Where does the vice president live when in office ?
When was Wendy 's founded ?
Who was the first person to run the mile in less than four minutes ?
When was the Rosenberg trial ?
What year did Alaska become a state ?
How high is Mount Kinabalu ?
When did Mike Tyson bite Holyfield 's ear ?
What two European countries are connected by the St. Gotthard Tunnel under the Alps ?
What is a peninsula in the Philippines ?
Who won the Oscar for best actor in 1970 ?
What is the population of Maryland ?
Who is the governor of Tennessee ?
What was the first spaceship on the moon ?
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1992 ?
What was Andrew Jackson 's wife 's name ?
How old do you have to be to get married in South Carolina ?
Who starred in `` The Poseidon Adventure '' ?
Where is Devil 's Tower ?
What is the height of the tallest redwood ?
What site did Lindbergh begin his flight from in 1927 ?
What nation is home to the Kaaba ?
What was the name of Stonewall Jackson 's horse ?
How many states were still united after the southern states seceded ?
What body of water does the Colorado River flow into ?
How deep is Crater Lake ?
Who was the lead singer for the Commodores ?
What is the coldest place on earth ?
What is the chemical formula for sulphur dioxide ?
When did Bob Marley die ?
What female leader succeeded Ferdinand Marcos as president of the Philippines ?
When is Snoop Dog 's birthday ?
How did Mahatma Gandhi die ?
What is the capital of Syria ?
What is the fear of lightning called ?
What college did Magic Johnson attend ?
Which U.S. state is the leading corn producer ?
Where was the first McDonalds built ?
What is the name given to a collection of poetry ?
Where was the first J.C. Penney store opened ?
How much money does the U.S. supreme court make ?
The Hindenburg disaster took place in 1937 in which New Jersey town ?
What is the Keystone State ?
Who succeeded Ferdinand Marcos ?
What was the name of the high school in `` Grease '' ?
What is one national park in Indiana ?
What was the name of the dog in the Thin Man movies ?
What country 's leader was awarded the 2000 Nobel Peace Prize ?
Where is the oldest synagogue in the United States ?
What is the North Korean national anthem ?
Who is the detective on `` Diagnosis Murder '' ?
What company makes Bentley cars ?
How tall is Allen Iverson ?
What year did South Dakota become a state ?
If something has petrified , what has it turned into ?
When did Alexandra Graham Bell invent the telephone ?
When did president Herbert Hoover die ?
How fast does a cheetah run ?
How do you say `` house '' in Spanish ?
When was Lyndon B. Johnson born ?
What is the lowest point on earth ?
Who was the first person to reach the south pole ?
Who was the Roman god of the sea ?
What are wavelengths measured in ?
What is the name of the heroine in `` Gone with the Wind '' ?
Who composed `` The Messiah '' ?
What is the principle port in Ecuador ?
What is the capital city of Algeria ?
What county is Wilmington , Delaware in ?
Where is the highest point on earth ?
What college did Allen Iverson attend ?
What is slang for a `` five dollar bill '' ?
Where did Roger Williams , pianist , grow up ?
How much are tickets to Disney World ?
What is the name of the professional baseball team in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina ?
What continent is India on ?
What is the Boston Strangler 's name ?
What was the name of Sherlock Holmes ' brother ?
How old was Nolan Ryan when he retired ?
When was Davy Crockett born ?
Who wrote `` East is east , west is west and never the twain shall meet '' ?
How did Molly Shannon 's mother die ?
What country is Berlin in ?
What was the original name before `` The Star Spangled Banner '' ?
What school did Emmitt Smith go to ?
Which African country 's major export is coffee ?
Where is Georgetown University ?
How much of U.S. power is from nuclear energy ?
What year was President Kennedy killed ?
What is the world 's second largest island ?
Where is the Salton Sea ?
What is the currency used in China ?
What 's the name of King Arthur 's sword ?
What is the national anthem in England ?
What was Dale Evans ' horse 's name ?
What is Frank Sinatra 's nickname ?
Where is Anne Frank 's diary ?
Who said `` Music hath charm to soothe the savage beast '' ?
What is the age of our solar system ?
What is the current population in Bombay , India ?
What is Canada 's most populous city ?
What was Dr. Seuss ' real name ?
What does CPR stand for ?
What is the state bird of Alaska ?
What year did Marco Polo travel to Asia ?
Where was Hans Christian Anderson born ?
What is the capital of Kentucky ?
What year did Ellis Island open its doors to immigrants ?
What are the headpieces called that the Saudi Arabians wear ?
What percent of the U.S. is African American ?
What is the name of the ballpark that the Milwaukee Brewers play at ?
What university did Thomas Jefferson found ?
What is the city of brotherly love ?
When did the 6-day war begin ?
Where did Kublai Khan live ?
What is the oldest college bowl game ?
What is the capital city of New Zealand ?
What does NASDAQ stand for ?
What is the literacy rate in Cuba ?
Who directed the film `` Fail Safe '' ?
The sun is mostly made up of what two gasses ?
Who painted `` Sunflowers '' ?
What city is Lake Washington by ?
How many electoral college votes in Tennessee ?
Who is the evil H.R. Director in `` Dilbert '' ?
What is Ronald Reagan 's favorite candy ?
What is the deepest lake in America ?
What president is on a quarter ?
Where is Hill Air Force Base ?
How tall was Judy Garland ?
What is the most populated country in the world ?
What is a female rabbit called ?
What year was the movie `` Ole Yeller '' made ?
What is the atomic number of uranium ?
What was the first name of the Gehrig who played for the New York Yankees ?
What year was the PC invented ?
What is the southwestern-most tip of England ?
What does DNA stand for ?
What did Charles Babbage invent ?
Who makes Magic Chef refrigerators ?
What is the scientific name for tobacco ?
When was the Tet offensive in Vietnam ?
What cemetery is Thurgood Marshall buried in ?
What was the first satellite in space ?
How much does it cost to register a car in New Hampshire ?
Where did Dr. King give his speech in Washington ?
What was Denzel Washington 's first television series ?
When was the first patent filed on the ice cream cone ?
Where did the U.S. Civil War begin ?
Who started the Protestant reformation ?
When did Led Zeppelin appear on BBC ?
What is Karl Malone 's nickname ?
What famous Spanish poet died in Spain 's Civil War ?
When did the Black Panther party start in California ?
How old was George Washington when he died ?
When did the Vietnam War end ?
What is the legal age to vote in Argentina ?
How much copper is in a penny ?
For whom was the state of Pennsylvania named ?
Who is the head of the FBI ?
When did `` The Simpsons '' first appear on television ?
What is the degree of tilt of Earth ?
What galaxy is closest to the milky way ?
What Burns poem does `` the best laid plans of mice and men '' come from ?
How tall is the Sphinx ?
Which country exports the most tea ?
What name is given to the science of map-making ?
What anniversary is the 20th ?
How high is a hand ?
What is the text of an opera called ?
When did George W. Bush get elected as the governor of Texas ?
What is the chief religion for Peru ?
When did the Golden Gate Bridge get finished ?
What did Sherlock Holmes call the street gang that helped him crack cases ?
When was Apollo 11 launched ?
Who was the only golfer to win the U.S. and British Opens and amateurs in the same year ?
What do grasshoppers eat ?
What percentage of the population is left handed ?
When was the Reichstag burned down ?
What percent of Egypt 's population lives in Cairo ?
Which long Lewis Carroll poem was turned into a musical on the London stage ?
What person developed COBOL ?
What year did Mussolini seize power in Italy ?
Where is the French consulate in New York ?
Who was the baseball player given the nickname `` Mr. October '' ?
What is South Africa 's total population ?
What automobile company makes the Spider ?
When did Einstein die ?
Who holds the record as the highest paid child performer ?
When did Robert E. Lee surrender in the Civil War ?
What does R&B stand for ?
How far would you run if you participate in a marathon ?
What is the boiling point of water ?
What is the normal blood sugar range for people ?
What is the appropriate gift for a 10th anniversary ?
What is the currency of Bolivia called ?
Who signed the Declaration of Independence from Vermont ?
What is the lifespan of a house fly ?
When was the U.S. invasion of Haiti ?
When was Benjamin Disraeli prime minister ?
What is the capital of Victoria ?
What is Africa 's largest country ?
When is Gerald Ford 's birthday ?
When did the Klondike gold rush occur ?
Where is bile produced ?
Which baseball star stole 130 bases in 1982 ?
What year was the first Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade held ?
What is the name of the country in the Pyrenees mountains between France and Spain ?
Who was Woodrow Wilson 's First Lady ?
What is the active ingredient in Tylenol ?
What year did `` New Coke '' come out ?
What is the deepest lake in the world ?
What is Buzz Aldrin 's real first name ?
What is written on the U.S. tomb of the unknown soldier ?
How much area does the Everglades cover ?
Where is Mae West buried ?
When was the dog domesticated ?
What 's the capacity of the Superdome ?
How much protein is in tofu ?
What roller coaster is the fastest in the world ?
What is the area of Venezuela ?
What is the name of the famous dogsledding race held each year in Alaska ?
When was the battle of Chancellorsville fought ?
What is the name of the five pointed star commonly used by Satanists ?
What city in Australia has rain forests ?
What is the profession of John Cusack 's character in the 1999 film `` Pushing Tin '' ?
Who founded Taoism ?
Where did 'N Sync get their name ?
What do you call a baby sloth ?
Who founded Rhode Island ?
How far away from the sun is Saturn ?
How much are the international space stations expected to cost ?
When was the first atomic bomb dropped ?
What continent is Scotland in ?
What does TB stand for in baseball stats ?
What year did the shuttle Challenger explode ?
What county is Elmira , NY in ?
What is another name for the North Star ?
When did the United States enter World War II ?
How do you say `` French fries '' in French ?
Where is Prairie View A&M University ?
Where was Abraham Lincoln born ?
How fast does an Iguana travel -LRB- mph -RRB- ?
What do the French call the English Channel ?
What year was Robert Frost born ?
Where was Bob Dylan born ?
What is Elvis Presley 's middle name ?
What does `` E Pluribus Unum '' mean ?
When was Jerusalem invaded by the general Titus ?
What are the people who make fireworks called ?
Who was the first person to make the helicopter ?
When did Marian Anderson sing at the Lincoln Memorial ?
What is the name of the US military base in Cuba ?
What is the abbreviation for the London stock exchange ?
What is the oldest national park in the U.S. ?
How tall is Mount McKinley ?
Who was the Union general in the Battle of Winchester ?
Where is Big Ben ?
What Latin American country is the leading exporter of sugar cane ?
What time of year does the peregrine falcon breed ?
What day did Neil Armstrong land on the moon ?
What group sang the song `` Happy Together '' ?
When was water found on Mars ?
How did Micky Mantle die ?
Who was the U.S. president in 1929 ?
What is the diameter of the moon ?
What country was ruled by King Arthur ?
When did Houdini die ?
When was Martin Luther King Jr. born ?
What name is horror actor William Henry Pratt better known by ?
What card game uses only 48 cards ?
What is the most populous city in the United States ?
Who defeated the Spanish armada ?
What president declared Mothers ' Day ?
What year was the gateway arch built ?
What war is connected with the book `` Charge of the Light Brigade '' ?
What does DEA stand for ?
Where was the movie `` Somewhere in Time '' filmed ?
How tall is the Eiffel Tower in France ?
When was Jackie Robinson born ?
What year did California become a territory ?
What breed was Roy Rogers ' horse Trigger ?
When was the pencil first invented ?
Where is the Statue of Liberty ?
When was Julius Caesar born ?
What city is Purdue University in ?
Where is America 's Stonehenge ?
Where was President Lincoln buried ?
Whose business slogan is `` Quality is job 1 '' ?
What award did Sterling North 's book `` Rascal '' win in 1963 ?
What is the normal pulse rate ?
What is rum made out of ?
What is the beginning date for the Hershey foods company ?
What is the ranger 's name in Yogi Bear cartoons ?
When was the Exxon Valdez Oil spill ?
What is the August birthstone ?
What are the colors of the Italian flag ?
When was the first jet invented ?
Who invented the fishing reel ?
What is the phobia for number 13 ?
What province in Canada is Niagara Falls located in ?
How much vitamin C should you take in a day ?
Who was the first Triple Crown Winner ?
What city was the first in the world to have a population over one million ?
When was the White House built ?
What is the distance from Jupiter to the sun ?
When a game of baseball is forfeited , what is the score ?
How far is the pitchers mound from home plate in softball ?
What year did poet Emily Dickinson die ?
What is Madonna 's last name ?
Who was one of the Egyptian gods ?
Where did David Ogden Stiers get his undergraduate degree ?
What is the name of the canopy at a Jewish wedding ?
What does the abbreviation WASP mean ?
When did Yankee Stadium first open ?
What is the name of the airport in Amsterdam ?
What is Mark Twain 's real name ?
How often does the United States government conduct an official population census ?
What are the opening words of the Declaration of Independence ?
Who is the president pro tempore of the US Senate ?
How do you say `` pig '' in Spanish ?
What city is Southwestern University in ?
Where on the body would you find the jowls ?
How much sleep should a child get at night ?
Where was the F Troop stationed ?
What is the full name of conductor Seiji ?
What is the Stanley Cup made of ?
What author wrote under the pen name `` Boz '' ?
When did the Mesozoic period end ?
Which state has the longest coastline on the Atlantic Ocean ?
What car company invented the Edsel ?
What are hiccups caused by ?
Who stabbed Monica Seles ?
Where is the national hurricane center located ?
When were the Los Angeles riots ?
When was Sputnik launched ?
What is Mexico 's population ?
Where is Mesa Verde National park ?
When was the Oklahoma City bombing ?
When was the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington , D.C. built ?
When did the Persian Gulf War occur ?
What was the profession of American patriot Paul Revere ?
When is Fashion week in NYC ?
When did the battle of Iwo Jima take place ?
What is the `` Sunflower State '' ?
Who wrote `` Fiddler on the Roof '' ?
Where was C.S. Lewis born ?
How many black keys are on the piano ?
What is the name of Scarlett O'Hara 's house ?
How old is the universe ?
What Cuban dictator did Fidel Castro force out of power in 1958 ?
What airport is LCY ?
What is Australia 's national blossom ?
When was the first Ford Mustang made ?
What TV series did Pierce Brosnan play in ?
Who is the owner of the St. Petersburg Times ?
What is the highest recorded temperature in San Antonio , TX ?
When was D-Day ?
Who invented the cotton gin ?
What was Aaron Copland 's most famous piece of music ?
What does HTML stand for ?
What is a group of antelope called ?
What year did the first American lighthouse open ?
Who did Scott Bakula play in `` American Beauty '' ?
When did Walt Disney die ?
What is Australia 's oldest city ?
Who has the most no hitters in major league baseball ?
What year did `` Snow White '' come out ?
Who was the first woman to run for president ?
What country are Volvo automobiles made in ?
What is the scientific name for leech ?
What body of water does the Euphrates River empty into ?
What were the most points Michael Jordan scored in a game ?
What is David Lee Roth 's birthday ?
Who makes viagra ?
What is the date of the Kent State Shooting ?
What country is the holy city of Mecca located in ?
When did they put Mir down ?
How far is it from Buffalo , New York to Syracuse , New York ?
What is the world 's tallest office building ?
What is the fastest car in the world ?
How far does a laser pointer shine ?
What year did General Montgomery lead the Allies to a victory over the Axis troops in North Africa ?
How did Adolf Hitler die ?
On what continent is Egypt located ?
What is the life expectancy of the average woman in Nigeria ?
Which president was sworn into office on an airplane ?
Where is the smallest bone in the body ?
How tall is Tom Cruise ?
When did Willis Haviland Carrier make the air conditioner ?
Which river runs through Dublin ?
Who was elected President of South Africa in 1994 ?
When was the first heart transplant ?
What is the range for the number of passengers a Boeing 747 airplane can carry ?
What island did the U.S. gain after the Spanish American war ?
When was the Buckingham Palace built in London , England ?
Where are the British Crown jewels kept ?
When was penicillin first used ?
What was the name of the stage play that A. Lincoln died at ?
When were the first postage stamps issued in the United States ?
What gift is proper for a 1st anniversary ?
What is Nicaragua 's main industry ?
How old must you be to become President of the United States ?
Who was the first president to speak on the radio ?
Where did Golda Meir grow up ?
When did Marilyn Monroe commit suicide ?
When is Mexico 's independence ?
Who were the architects who designed the Empire State Building ?
Who was the captain of the Titanic ?
What number did Michael Jordan wear ?
Which planet did the spacecraft Magellan enable scientists to research extensively ?
What year did Nintendo 64 come out ?
Which film received the first best picture Academy Award ?
Where was the battle of Alamo fought ?
What was Thailand 's original name ?
How tall is the CNN Tower in Toronto ?
What city does the Tour de France end in ?
What is the name of Abbott and Costello 's famous routine ?
What did Walter Cronkite say at the end of every show ?
How tall is Mike Tyson ?
Which disciple received 30 pieces of silver for betraying Jesus ?
Who was Sherlock Holmes ' arch enemy ?
What river runs through Rome , Italy ?
What year was Ebbets Field , home of Brooklyn Dodgers , built ?
What was the name of FDR 's dog ?
What country was formed in 1948 ?
What is the state song of Kansas ?
What 's the final line in the Edgar Allen Poe poem `` The Raven '' ?
How much did a quart of milk cost in the 1930's ?
In what month are the most babies born ?
When was the Hellenistic Age ?
What province is Calgary located in ?
What is the oldest sports trophy ?
What is Tina Turner 's real name ?
What was the name of the plane that dropped the Atomic Bomb on Hiroshima ?
What is the nickname of Oklahoma ?
What is Marilyn Monroe 's real name ?
Which country colonized Hong Kong ?
When did Henry VIII rule England ?
Where was the Andersonville Prison ?
What was William Shakespeare 's occupation before he began to write plays ?
How fast is the world spinning ?
What city is known as the rubber capital of the world ?
What is the length of Churchill Downs racetrack ?
Tell me where the DuPont company is located .
What branch of the military has its academy in Annapolis ?
What Broadway musical is the song `` The Story is Me '' from ?
Where was Bill Gates born ?
What is the GDP of China ?
Who said `` I have not begun to fight ! '' ?
What was the name of the first child of English parents to be born in America ?
What is the major crop grown in Arizona ?
What part of the eye continues to grow throughout a person 's life ?
Which Italian city is home to the Cathedral of Santa Maria del Fiore or the Duomo ?
What capital is on the Susquehanna River ?
In the Bible , who was Jacob 's mother ?
What country is Pretoria in ?
How much gravity exists on Mars ?
How did Eva Peron die ?
What is the motto for California ?
When was the battle of Shiloh ?
What county is St. Paul , Minnesota in ?
How far from the earth is the sun ?
What is the name of a newborn swan ?
What year was the phonograph invented ?
By what nickname was musician Ernesto Antonio Puente , Jr. best known ?
When was King Louis XIV born ?
What is the scientific name for the zinnia plant ?
What nationality is Sean Connery ?
How much of the ozone layer is depleted ?
Where is the Sea of Tranquility ?
What language do they speak in New Caledonia ?
What are Brazil 's national colors ?
What was the name of the first enclosed baseball park ?
What year was the light bulb invented ?
How old is the Red Pyramid ?
Who is the author of the poem `` The Midnight Ride of Paul Revere '' ?
Who was the first black heavyweight champion ?
Where does cinnamon come from ?
What American general is buried in Salzburg ?
How far is it from Earth to Mars ?
How late is Disneyland open ?
What was the Hunchback of Notre Dame 's real name ?
What is the name of the airport in Dallas Ft. Worth ?
What city is Disneyland in ?
What book did Rachel Carson write in 1962 ?
What country is Aswan High Dam located in ?
Who is Aaron Copland ?
Which past and present NFL players have the last name of Johnson ?
How many time zones are there in the world ?
How high is the pitcher 's mound ?
What is a golden parachute ?
How did the disciple Peter die ?
Who is Alberto Tomba ?
What is the population of Iceland ?
What business was the source of John D. Rockefeller 's fortune ?
What are pennies made of ?
What is the name of the chart that tells you the symbol for all chemical elements ?
In which city is the River Seine ?
What breeds of dog have won the `` Best in Show '' award at the Westminster Dog Show ?
What city is the home to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame ?
List the names of chewing gums .
What city did Duke Ellington live in ?
What is Bausch & Lomb ?
How did Jimi Hendrix die ?
How big is Mars ?
When was `` Cold Mountain '' written ?
How did Virginia Woolf die ?
How fast is an eye blink ?
What governments still officially recognize and support International Labor Day ?
When was the first hair dryer made ?
What did Ozzy Osbourne bite the head off of ?
When was the U.S. capitol built ?
How did George Washington die ?
how did Patsy Cline die
What band did the music for the 1970's film `` Saturday Night Fever '' ?
What band was Jerry Garcia with ?
When was Prince Charles born ?
When did International Volunteers Day begin ?
Who is Vlad the Impaler ?
What is the play `` West Side Story '' based on ?
What color is the top stripe on the U.S. flag ?
How many stories are in the Sears Tower ?
How fast can a nuclear submarine travel ?
How many floors are in the Empire State Building ?
How did Einstein die ?
What grapes are used in making wine ?
What membrane controls the amount of light entering the eye ?
How many Olympic Games were canceled because of World War I ?
What is the name of Ling Ling 's mate ?
What did George Washington call his house ?
When was Adolf Hitler born ?
What day and month did Nixon resign ?
What country did Catherine the Great rule ?
What is the word which means one hiring his relatives ?
What is the nickname of the British flag ?
Who created the literary character Phineas Fogg ?
What beach was `` I Dream of Jeannie '' filmed on ?
How late will airlines let you fly in pregnancy ?
How many NFL teams are there ?
What country made the Statue of Liberty ?
Who is Akbar the Great ?
What country is the largest in square miles ?
What are fractals ?
How fast can a king cobra kill you ?
What does cc mean in letter writing ?
How many gas stations are there in the United States ?
What position did Satchel Paige play in professional baseball ?
What country is know as the `` Land of the Rising Sun '' ?
Who are professional female boxers ?
Who is Allen Iverson ?
What company manufactures Sinemet ?
What capital city do you see from the top of Bunker Hill ?
What party led Australia from 1983 to 1996 ?
What fruit 's stone does Laetrile come from ?
What does ACLU stand for ?
What is the national airline of Spain ?
What city is the Liberty Bell currently located in ?
Who was Abraham in the Old Testament ?
What player on a basketball team usually plays the post or pivot position ?
What is Richie 's surname on `` Happy Days '' ?
How did Cleopatra die ?
What is the motto for the Boy Scouts ?
How large in square miles is North Carolina ?
How big is the sun ?
How many moons does Venus have ?
How far is the moon from Earth in miles ?
How long is the Great Barrier Reef ?
What movie won the Academy Award for best picture in 1989 ?
When was Lyndon B. Johnson president ?
What are people born 1965 through 1980 called ?
What is the Cav 's arena name ?
What city is Ole Mississippi University in ?
What is ETA in Spain ?
List the names of casinos owned by Native Americans .
When was chewing tobacco banned in baseball ?
What comic book friend of Archie wears a crown-shaped hat ?
How did Minnesota get its name ?
How hot is the sun ?
How many official languages does Switzerland have ?
What was the Beatles ' first number one hit ?
What department is responsible for regulating casino gambling in Mississippi ?
What city is Duke University in ?
What American revolutionary general turned over West Point to the British ?
How old was Babe Ruth when he died ?
What is the state with the smallest population ?
How many Earth days does it take for Mars to orbit the sun ?
How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia ?
What films featured the character Popeye Doyle ?
How can I find a list of celebrities ' real names ?
What fowl grabs the spotlight after the Chinese Year of the Monkey ?
What is the full form of .com ?
What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?
What team did baseball 's St. Louis Browns become ?
What is the oldest profession ?
What are liver enzymes ?
Name the scar-faced bounty hunter of The Old West .
When was Ozzy Osbourne born ?
Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
Who was The Pride of the Yankees ?
Who killed Gandhi ?
What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports ?
What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with ?
How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII ?
What is an annotated bibliography ?
What articles of clothing are tokens in Monopoly ?
Name 11 famous martyrs .
What 's the Olympic motto ?
What is the origin of the name ` Scarlett ' ?
What 's the second-most-used vowel in English ?
What is the highest waterfall in the United States ?
Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay ?
What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for ?
What does a spermologer collect ?
How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?
Which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?
How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly ?
What do Mormons believe ?
In what religion was Isis the nature goddess ?
Where do the adventures of `` The Swiss Family Robinson '' take place ?
What relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?
How can I register my website in Yahoo for free ?
What was cash-conscious Colonel Edwin L. Drake the first to drill ?
How many people in the world speak French ?
How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo ?
How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?
What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse ?
What cocktail inspired John Doxat to write the book Stirred - Not Shaken ?
What ISPs exist in the Caribbean ?
How do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?
What weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with
What country do the Galapagos Islands belong to ?
What is ethology ?
Who was the prophet of the Muslim people ?
Where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?
Who is Snoopy 's arch-enemy ?
What is the nature of learning ?
What 's the only color Johnny Cash wears on stage ?
What 's the term for a young fox ?
What U.S. state lived under six flags ?
What is the Kashmir issue ?
Where is the Loop ?
What does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?
What country 's capital is Tirana ?
Who do Herb and Tootsie live next door to ?
Why do people get calluses ?
What body of water does the Danube River flow into ?
What does the six-footed Musca domestica become when it enters a house ?
What is the history of skateboarding ?
Who starred in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun ?
How do I make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?
What 19th-century painter died in the Marquesas Islands ?
How do I log on to home page at Headquarters U.S. European Command ?
What is Nebraska 's most valuable resource ?
How many species of the Great White shark are there ?
What is the origin of head lice ?
What was the first domesticated bird ?
How many villi are found in the small intestine ?
What country did King Wenceslas rule ?
What is a fear of shadows ?
Who were the five Marx brothers ?
What causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?
What are bear and bull markets ?
What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Bilbo Baggins as the central character ?
What is `` dew point '' ?
What is the meaning of Jesus ?
What company 's logo is a `` W '' in a circle ?
What is the definition of a cascade ?
When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish ?
What country 's national passenger rail system is called Via ?
Who invented Make-up ?
What is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?
What kind of animals were in the Paleozoic era ?
Which of the following was Rhodes Scholar ?
Who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the Champions ?
How do you make a paintball ?
What U.S. state is Fort Knox in ?
Where do chihuahuas come from ?
Where does Barney Rubble go to work after he drops Fred off in the `` Flintstones '' cartoon series ?
What are the world 's four oceans ?
What 's the only work by Michelangelo that bears his signature ?
In what medium is Stuart Hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?
Where on the Internet can I find a song lyrics database similar to the International Lyrics Server ?
How much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?
What 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?
What does the Georgetown `` Hoya '' mean ?
Where can I find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ?
Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
How is the election of a new Pope announced to the world ?
How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
How do chickens have baby chicks ?
What is the historical relationship of Catholic Church and bingo ?
How was the element calcium named ?
What crooner joined The Andrews Sisters for Pistol Packin Mama ?
What piano company claims its product is the `` Instrument of the immortals '' ?
When did the Bounty mutiny take place ?
What is a transistor ?
What Hollywood dog died in the arms of Jean Harlow in 1932 ?
What are the most common elements in the Earth 's crust ?
How much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?
What actress has received the most Oscar nominations ?
What are equity securities ?
What is gymnophobia ?
How many years do fossils take to form ?
What city boasts Penn 's Landing , on the banks of the Delaware river ?
What Broadway musical was inspired by Cervantes 's Don Quixote ?
What is the origin of the word , JJ .
How many hostages were killed in the Entebbe raid ?
How can you raise your IQ ?
What does INRI stand for when used on Jesus ' cross ?
Who produces Spumante ?
Who earns their money the hard way ?
Who founded the People 's Temple Commune ?
What athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?
How many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?
Who discovered electricity ?
What two South American countries do n't border Brazil ?
What album put The Beatles on the cover of Time in 1967 ?
What poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .
What is a dental root canal ?
What war did the Wanna-Go-Home Riots occur after ?
What 's the colored part of the eye called ?
What are hook worms ?
Where is the Rose Bowl played ?
What sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the Mojave desert ?
In what year did Thatcher become prime minister ?
How many months does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?
Where are the 49 steps ?
In what year was De Gaulle elected president of France ?
Who sings the themes for `` Dawson 's Creek '' and `` Felicity '' ?
Who directed `` Jaws '' ?
On what T.V. show could Tom Terrific be found ?
What Indian tribe is F Troop perpetually doing battle with ?
Where did Indian Pudding come from ?
Why do some clothing labels say `` Use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?
How many colonies were involved in the American Revolution ?
What is the name of the city that Maurizio Pellegrin lives in ?
Where can I find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?
What game 's board shows the territories of Irkutsk , Yakutsk and Kamchatka ?
Why do horseshoes bring luck ?
What is the 401 , K , plan ?
What causes pneumonia ?
What are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?
What does gringo mean ?
What country contains Africa 's northernmost point ?
What therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ?
Which Ventura County police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?
What city is sometimes called Gotham ?
What dangles over the tongue from the palate ?
Who created Dennis the Menace ?
What dummy received an honorary degree from Northwestern University ?
What countries have the largest areas of forest ?
How do I start a web based business ?
Name Alvin 's brothers
What is Eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?
How did Jayne Mansfield die ?
What actor said in A Day at the Races : `` Either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' ?
What explorer was nicknamed Iberia 's Pilot ?
What is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?
What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?
What are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born child in Judaism called ?
What was the education system in the 1960's ?
What South American city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?
How can I find out which cities have cable-modem access ?
How many species of sharks are there ?
What is `` snoogans '' ?
How many people are there in the world ?
What shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?
What organization 's offices were broken into at Watergate in 1972 ?
What is the design of the ship Titanic ?
What does S.O.S. stand for ?
Name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?
What is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?
What four forms does gold occur in ?
What is the acreage of the Chappellet vineyard ?
How do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?
How much does a new railroad coal car cost ?
What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British ?
What is the filmmakers collabrative ?
What Russian composer 's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune ?
What caused Harry Houdini 's death ?
Who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of Windsor ?
How many revolutions does a standard LP make in three minutes ?
Where can I find a review of Nightmare on Elm Street in a film journal ?
What 's the slowest Olympic swimming stroke ?
What disease is transmitted by the Anopheles mosquito ?
What rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand bar ?
How many South American countries have the letter Z in their names ?
What is the contents of proposition 98 ?
What is paracetamol ?
What are the powers and weaknesses of Green Lantern 's ring ?
When was the first steel mill in the United States built ?
What diminutive American female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 Olympics ?
What is the origin of the name Katie ?
When did the Berlin Wall go up ?
What 's the meaning of the Latin battle cry : Ad arma , ad arma .
What Las Vegas hotel burned in November , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?
How many feet are there in a fathom ?
What is a Canada two-penny black ?
What European city do Nicois live in ?
How can I find out what year a Beanie Baby was introduced ?
What is the classic definition of tragic hero ?
To what does Microsoft 's Windows 3 owe its success ?
What are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?
What color bottles do good Rhine wines come in ?
Who are the two sons of Ozzie and Harriet Nelson ?
What is the lowest level of the American judiciary ?
How many people did Randy Craft kill ?
What 's the official animal of Canada ?
When did Spielberg direct `` Jaws '' ?
What is the size of the largest akita ?
What animal has the biggest eyes ?
What European country is home to the beer-producing city of Budweis ?
How do I find the balance of my social security account ?
What is the history of Valentine 's Day cards ?
Where was Christopher Columbus born ?
What do Italians call Florence ?
How do you get to the top of the Eiffel Tower ?
What does ` PSI ' stand for ?
What sea did the Romans call mare nostrum ?
What 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?
Which came first , according to Genesis 1 : 2 : 22 - the chicken or the egg ?
What is Latin for incompetent ?
What chemicals are used in lethal injection ?
What toy company is the world 's No.1 maker of female apparel ?
What board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?
Which Doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?
What is the abbreviation for micro ?
What are the 7 articles of the constitution ?
Who has won the most Super Bowls ?
What is BPH ?
What is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the US ?
What stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games in ?
Who has the only speaking role in `` Silent Movie '' ?
Why is poop sometimes different colors ?
What was Einstein 's IQ ?
What day was Pearl Harbor attacked in 1942 ?
What girl 's name is `` Teddy '' an affectionate form of ?
What state is John F. Kennedy buried in ?
What is the best way to remove wallpaper ?
What U.S. state has an element named for it ?
What company tabulates the ballots in voting for the Academy Awards ?
How did the tradition of best man start ?
What is the deepest area of the Arctic Ocean ?
What are Halloween 's colors ?
How is silk screening done ?
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
Who made a boat out of gopher wood ?
Where can I find a `` Fifth Element '' screensaver ?
Which Bloom County resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?
How do you match a name to a social security number ?
How does a rainbow form ?
What creature scares people in the film `` Jaws '' ?
What part did John Peter Zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in America ?
Who followed Caesar ?
What are the four elements ?
Who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?
What 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ?
What is Answers.com 's address ?
Where can I buy movies on videotape online ?
Who does the advertizing for Frito-Lay ?
What product did Robert Conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?
What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
What are the different approaches of systems analysis ?
How do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?
Who is the man behind the pig - the man who pulls the strings and speaks for Miss Piggy ?
What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
What are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?
What ocean is the largest in the world ?
Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for literature , in 1948 ?
What year did Jack Nicklaus join the Professional Golfers Association tour ?
How many sonnets did Shakespeare write ?
What causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?
Who are the Challengers of the Unknown ?
Define the Pheonix Club ?
Which city did Christian Crusaders fight to recapture from the Muslims ?
What does it mean `` Rupee Depreciates '' ?
What gaming devices were dubbed `` Mississippi marbles '' and `` Memphis dominoes '' ?
How successful is arometherapy ?
What Jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 Mideast War ?
How does a copier work ?
Who said of Super Bowl III in 1969 : `` We 'll win - I guarantee it '' ?
What is Dudley Do-Right 's horse 's name ?
Who declared : `` I am down on whores and I sha n't stop ripping them '' ?
What TV game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?
What Soviet leader owned a Rolls-Royce ?
Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?
What war did Florence Nightingale tend the troops in ?
How many Beatles ' records went #1 ?
Who is the only prime minister of Canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
What is the abbreviation of the company name `` General Motors '' ?
What mountains lie between the Arkansas and Missouri rivers ?
What is the function of RAM ?
What 's the closest G2 Spectrum Yellow Dwarf to Earth ?
How many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?
What is the fear of cockroaches called ?
What CBS soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?
What is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?
What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft ?
What United States President had dreamed that he was assassinated ?
What film did Lee Marvin win the 1965 best actor Oscar for ?
What product does `` Mrs. Olsen '' promote ?
What is dry ice ?
What 's the most powerful card in Euchre ?
What does `` intractable plantar keratoma '' mean ?
How many years did it take James Joyce to write Ulysses ?
What crop failure caused the Irish Famine ?
What South Korean city is served by Kimpo International Airport ?
How many types of dogs ' tails are there
What is the longest-running television series ?
What predators exist on Antarctica ?
What is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?
How is energy created ?
What beer advertised that it had `` three rings '' ?
What is the quantity of American soldiers still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
What golfing accessory was patented by George Grant on December 12
What are the different types of plastic ?
How is it correct to say `` qigong '' ?
What was the highest mountain on earth before Mount Everest was discovered ?
Where was the Ligurian Republic , 1797 - 185 , ?
What country 's people are the top television watchers ?
What Polynesian people inhabit New Zealand ?
What movie tour of the Roman empire features the admonition : `` Row well and live '' ?
What Nevada center has been dubbed The Biggest Little City in the World ?
What President lived at 219 North Delaware Street , Independence , Missouri ?
Give a reason for American Indians oftentimes dropping out of school .
Where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?
What is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?
In what U.S. state was the first woman governor elected ?
What are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ?
What kind of animal is Babar ?
How much money are Dumbo 's ears insured for ?
Who danced into stardom with Fred Astaire in 1941 's You 'll Never Get Rich ?
Who is Stein Eriksen ?
What does the name Billie mean ?
What is the highest peak in Africa ?
What desert has been called The Garden of Allah ?
What do bicornate animals have two of ?
What function does a community 's water tower serve ?
What is a fear of weakness ?
How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina ?
How much snow equals an inch of rain ?
What does G.M.T. stand for ?
What does Inuit and Eskimo mean ?
What song served as the closing theme of The Johnny Cash Show ?
What field sport did dentist William Beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?
How do I tie dye clothes ?
When does the average teenager first have intercourse ?
Why does n't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?
What actor 's autobiography is titled All My Yesterdays ?
What Russian master spy lived in the U.S. under the name Emil Goldfus ?
Where 's the 19th hole on a golf course ?
What 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?
Who played the original Charlie 's Angels ?
Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number ?
What English word comes from the Old French covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?
What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?
Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand ?
What makes popcorn pop ?
Who wrote The Night of the Iguana ?
Where does your hair grow the fastest ?
What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195 ?
Who painted Mother and Child ?
What film marked Robert Redford 's directorial debut ?
What was Mao 's second name ?
Who is the `` Queen Mother '' ?
What 's the most commonly-spoken language in Belgium ?
Who has more DNA - a man or a woman ?
What are Maid-Rites ?
What children 's tale contains the line : `` Come , Cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?
What level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
How many referees work a soccer game ?
What cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?
How do you say `` fresh '' in Spanish ?
What do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?
What dictator has the nickname `` El Maximo '' ?
What stereo manufacturer is `` Slightly ahead of its time '' ?
What U.S. city is The Queen of the Pacific ?
What TV sitcom character had the maiden name Ethel Potter ?
What was the first Lifesaver flavor ?
Who kept the most famous diary in the English language ?
Where can I find out the top 1 singles ?
How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
What Spanish artist painted Crucifixion ?
What is the Jewish bible called ?
Why is the grass green ?
What is a firewall ?
What spy novelist served as Moscow correspondent for Reuter and The Times of London ?
Which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in Japanese as its new international name ?
How long does it take for Spider-Man 's web to evaporate ?
Who was Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?
What was known as the Spice Island ?
Who was the first host of Person to Person ?
Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .
What deck of cards includes the Wheel of Fortune , the Lovers , and Death ?
What does the Statue of Liberty wear on her feet ?
Who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ?
What household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?
What was the name of Betty Boop 's dog ?
What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
What was the Bridge of San Luis Rey made of ?
What do economists do ?
What country has the largest sheep population ?
What do I need to do to take my dog with me to live in Dominica , West Indies for a year ?
What country is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?
How many years is Johnnie Walker Black Label aged ?
How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it , ?
What makes a clitoris sensitive ?
What country has the most time zones , with 11 ?
What `` magic '' does Mandrake employ ?
Whose first presidential order was : `` Let 's get this goddamn thing airborne '' ?
What was introduced commercially by Bayer A.G. of Leverkusen , in 1899 ?
How many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?
What is the largest city on the Great Lakes ?
How many wives did Brigham Young have ?
What product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?
How long is the Coney Island boardwalk ?
What city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs ?
What does `` Janelle '' mean ?
How do I get another city 's newspaper ?
Name a movie about the Sioux Indians starring Kevin Costner .
Who was shot in the back during a Poker game in Deadwood , the Dakota territory ?
What are the distinct physical characterstics of the Arabian horse ?
What is a fear of thunder ?
What animal has killed the most people ?
How many colleges are in Wyoming ?
What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?
Where can stocks be traded on-line ?
When was the Battle of Hastings ?
What kind of file has the extension .dbf ?
What then-derogatory term was applied to the painters Monet , Sisley , Pissarro , Renoir and Degas ?
What is a wop ?
Where do rocks come from ?
How do I stop background noise in a car stereo ?
Where do people mountain climb in Nepal ?
What is the best college in the country ?
What are the Nordic nations ?
Where on the Internet can I get information about the Fifth Amendment on the American Bill of Rights ?
What U.S. state borders Illinois to the north ?
What is the temperature for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
What is a fear of bees ?
What Vladimir Nabokov novel features Professor Humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl ?
What is a green bog ?
Where did the myth of Santa Claus originate ?
What does a chairbound basophobic fear ?
What game do Steve McQueen and Edward G. Robinson play in The Cincinnati Kid ?
What fastener did Whitcomb Judson patent in 1893 ?
What 's an auberge in France ?
Who was the star of the 1965 Broadway hit Golden Boy ?
What army was founded by William Booth and his wife Catherine ?
What does ribavirin consist of ?
Name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''
What is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the House of Representatives ?
What was her real name ?
Why are the ears your center of balance ?
Who invented the toothbrush ?
What was the name of that popular song the Creeps sang ?
Where is the Abominable Snowman said to wander ?
What is a fear of being alone ?
How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
What do you get by adding Lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ?
When reading classified ads , what does EENTY : other stand for ?
What plant has the largest seed ?
What was the only country you were allowed to drive into Israel from in 1979 ?
What 's approaching when a cyclist shouts : `` Oil '' ?
What baseball star turned down a $ 1,000 a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?
What kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?
What video game hero do some of his fans call Chomper ?
How many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?
In What city or state do the most gay men live in ?
What TV comediennes 's characters include former movie star Nora Desmond , secretary Mrs. Wiggins and a housewife named Eunice ?
What is `` the bear of beers '' ?
Name the operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines .
What does the name `` Justin '' mean ?
What percentage of the body is muscle ?
What color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?
What is a golf ball made of ?
What is the Amish religion ?
What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
What was the name of the 1870s Irish terrorist group in Pennsylvania mining areas ?
Who played the Ringo Kid in the 1939 film Stagecoach ?
Who died 1 feet from where John F. Kennedy did ?
What is the `` coppertop '' battery ?
What sign is The Water Carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?
What animals do you find in the stock market ?
What is color ?
When is the site www.questions.com going to open ?
What first name was Nipsy Russell given at birth ?
How can I get some free technical information on Electric Vehicle ?
Who is the youngest of the Beatles ?
How did shipyard inspector James J. Kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
What is a Jellicle Cat ?
Where can I find the best free evidence for debate about Russia ?
What is Bill Gates of Microsoft E-mail address ?
What is the second hardest substance ?
Why did several San Diego schools stop serving apples to students ?
What Russian city boasts the Hermitage Museum ?
What makes a tornado turn ?
How many shots can a stock M16 hold ?
What two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ?
Why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
What is artificial intelligence ?
What do flatfish eat ?
Who was the first Holy Roman Emperor ?
What can I use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes ?
What day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?
What is the origin of the word , magic ?
What sport do you shag flies in ?
What is white chocolate ?
Name the organization that is presided by a Security Council .
Who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` Do ya lo-o-ove me ? Get naked , baby ! '' ?
What kind of wine is Spumante ?
Who portrayed portly criminologist Carl Hyatt on Checkmate ?
How do you say I love you in Spanish ?
What does the name Gina mean ?
What is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world ?
How fast is light ?
What is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?
What are shooting stars ?
When was the first American encyclopedia published ?
How is Easter Sunday 's date determined ?
What is the Motto for the State of Maryland ?
Where can I find information on the Narragansett Indians and other tribes in Rhode Island ?
Name a tiger that is extinct .
How many quarters equal a pound ?
What kind of books does Fodor 's publish ?
What are the first names of Rowan and Martin , the stars of TV 's Laugh-In ?
What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?
Who is the worst US President ever ?
What Asian leader was known as The Little Brown Saint ?
What is the abbreviated expression for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
How fast does the fastest car go ?
What arch can you see from the Place de la Concorde ?
Who sings the song `` Drink to me with thine eyes '' by Ben Johnson ?
How long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ?
Which way do you turn your Bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise ?
Which is the wealthiest country in the world ?
How can I find a phone number of someone if I only know their email address ?
How can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ?
What is a fear of passing high objects ?
What do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?
What are the top ten most common girl names in the US ?
Why is black the color of mourning in the West ?
What is the rarest coin ?
What Judith Rossner novel was made into a film starring Diane Keaton ?
What is a fear of parasites ?
In what Olympic Games did Nadia Comaneci become popular ?
Who does data collection in tourism ?
What was the name of the daughter of the Virginia chief Powhatan that married John Rolfe ?
What is the leading pecan and peanut growing state ?
What does a nihilist believe in ?
In what sport are these following numbers relevant : 118 , 126 , 134 , 142 , 15 , 158 , 167 , 177 , and 19 ?
Who were the four famous founders of United Artists ?
What 2 statues did France give to other countries ?
How many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?
Name the disposable razor that `` costs about 19 cents . ''
How far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?
Who was the only U.S. President to wear a Nazi uniform ?
Where are the tropical rain forest distributions ?
What 's the nickname of oddsmaker Jimmy Snyder ?
What is the fear of being loved ?
What was the number of people that Randy Steven Craft was convicted of killing ?
What was Queen Victoria 's title regarding India ?
How is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?
How far can a man travel in outer space ?
What type of food makes you fat ?
What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
What kind of animals are Dorsets , Lincolns , Oxfords and Southdowns ?
What are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced ?
What letter is to the right of K on a typewriter keyboard ?
What is the origin and the meaning of the name , `` Hajo ? ''
What is the plural of gulf ?
Whose autobiography is titled Yes I Can ?
What year did the United States pass the Copyright law ?
What percentage of Americans own their homes ?
What 's the first day of the week ?
What city was President William McKinley shot in ?
What city has the world 's longest subway system ?
Who claimed he killed 4,280 buffalo as food for the crew building the Kansas Pacific Railway ?
What is Bombay duck ?
What double talking `` professor '' holds a doctorate in Nothing ?
What are the five most expensive cities in the world ?
What 19th-century writer had a country estate on the Hudson dubbed Sunnyside ?
How many layers of yellow paint is a Faber Mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?
What is a virtual IP address ?
What was the name of the cook on Rawhide ?
What county is Chicago in ?
What facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?
Who was named Admiral of the Ocean Seas and Viceroy and Governor General of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all profits of his voyage .
How can I transport files from one computer to another ?
What 's the literary term for a play on words ?
What color were their horses ?
What author landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 1930's ?
How many Americans fought for the British in the American Revolution ?
What kind of education do I need to become a flight attendant ?
What are the two languages of Malta ?
How many oceans are there and name them ?
What happened during the Blackhawk Indian war of 1832 ?
How many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?
What does the Latin ante mortem mean ?
What does the name Shawn mean ?
What lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , $85 million , in U.S. history for Sheika Dena Al-Farri ?
Who delivered his last newscast on March 6 , 1981 ?
How many times has `` Louie , Louie '' been recorded ?
How is Answers.com different from KnowPost.com ?
What is the longest place name in the U.S. ?
What percent liked Thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?
What was Mel Gibson 's first movie ?
Why was the L.A. office of Shea and Gould closed ?
How do I start a bank ?
How do Ouija Boards work ?
What horse did Zorro ride ?
How do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ?
Where can I find correct tabs for Third Eye Blind songs ?
How do you determine heating requirements for your home ?
What former major-league left-handed baseball pitcher was known as `` Space Man '' ?
Which hair care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?
Why did the chicken cross the road ?
What was Michelangelo 's last name ?
What was Connecticut 's first constitution called ?
What historical event happened in Dogtown in 1899 ?
What is being done about the millennium bug ?
What was the claim to fame of King Camp Gillette ?
What is Olestra ?
What Asian country has a bill of rights for cows ?
How many fingers are used to draw a bow ?
What are two plants that clothes are made from ?
What President-to-be was the first member of Congress to enlist following the attack on Pearl Harbor ?
What was the price of Varian Associates ' vacuum products division ?
What college produced the most winning Super Bowl quarterbacks ?
How do you solve `` Rubik 's Cube '' ?
What is prepared mustard ?
What classical Spanish writer warned : `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?
What does `` antidisestablishmentarianism '' mean ?
What actor married John F. Kennedy 's sister ?
What does a topophobic actor suffer from ?
The italian artist , Maurizio Pellegrin , is how old ?
Who was the first black golfer to tee off in the Masters ?
What city is the setting for Puccini 's opera La Boheme ?
What U.S. President showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen bars ?
Whose cover is that of an employee of Universal Import and Export ?
What former president 's daughter has written a book titled Murder in the White House ?
What fictional character is known as the `` melancholy Dane '' ?
What longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in Central Park in 1984 ?
What is the meaning of W.B. Yeat 's poem , `` The Three Hermits ? ''
Who were the `` filthiest people alive ? ''
What infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
What is an isthmus ?
What was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ?
Where is Mozambique located ?
What is Mississippi 's state animal ?
What 's the origin of the word `` news '' ?
What did Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi quit Saturday Night Live to become ?
How do fuel injectors work ?
How can your school march in the Macy 's Thanksgiving Parade ?
What is the real name of disc jockey `` Wolfman Jack '' ?
What Italian liner was hijacked in 1985 ?
What soap was touted as being `` for people who like people '' ?
How much was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
What new middle school was built in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania last year ?
Who patented the first phonograph ?
What are some tips for building a fire in a fireplace ?
How do you say 2 in Latin ?
What were popular songs and types of songs in the 1920s ?
What is November 's birthstone ?
What is a Certified Nurse Midwife ?
On average , how many miles are there to the moon ?
Who created private detective Philip Marlowe ?
What Boris Pasternak book sold 5,0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?
What is the origin of the expression `` tout de suite '' ?
What species is a colt ?
What is the full name of the PLO ?
What is the smallest country in Africa ?
What age followed the Bronze Age ?
What is her profession ?
What is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
What does the word LASER mean ?
What does the name `` Anthony '' mean ?
Who was Lauren Bacall 's first husband ?
What is a rhomboideus minor ?
How many hands does Bjorn Borg use when hitting his forehand ?
How many people died on D-Day ?
What U.S. Congressman said : `` Keep the faith , baby '' .
What is the student population at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?
Why were people recruited for the Vietnam War ?
What American League baseball team 's worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ?
Where can I find the names of all the 15 Pokemon ?
What are the Benelux countries ?
Where 's the Petrified Forest ?
What is a language spoken by the Sioux ?
Who was the author of `` John Brown 's Body '' ?
What American poet wrote : `` Good fences make good neighbors '' ?
What state in the U.S. has the most blacks ?
What was the occupation of Mandy Rice-Davies ?
What is the city in which Maurizio Pellegrin lives called ?
Name the various costumed personas of Dr. Henry Pym .
What are the living conditions in Cuba ?
What color are school buses ?
What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
What events happened January 26 , 1978 ?
What explorers followed Columbus to the Americas ?
Who is actress Goldie Hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?
Who banned Peter Rose from baseball for betting on games ?
What are the seven virtues ?
What is a fear of food ?
What are the names of Richard Nixon 's two daughters ?
What 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?
What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
What organization was founded by the Rev. Jerry Falwell ?
Which soft drink does Madonna advertise for ?
What company is being bought by Yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?
How many double-word-score spaces are there on a Scrabble Crossword Game board ?
What year did Germany sign its nonaggression pact with the Soviet Union ?
What mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?
Why were the American soldiers in WWI called `` Doughboys ''
Who was nicknamed The Little Corporal ?
How many CDs has Garth Brooks sold ?
Name the vessel used by the Atari Force in the DC comics .
Where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?
How can I find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?
What 's the sacred river of India ?
What is Stefan Edberg 's native country ?
What is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ?
How many Gutenberg Bibles are there ?
Name the largest country in South America .
What astronomical phenomenon takes place in Jan. 1999 ?
What information can you get me on Fairground Park in St. Louis
What was American folk hero John Chapman 's nickname ?
What is the difference between a median and a mean ?
What was the top box office movie in April 1998 ?
What makes thunder ?
What author did photographer Yousuf Karsh call `` the shiest man I ever met '' ?
Which is the largest clock , diameter wise , in Europe ?
What plant is rum made from ?
Name the poet of the poem which begins : I do not know much about gods ; but I think that the river Is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?
Which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine ?
What U.S. state records the least rainfall ?
Why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?
What was archy , and mehitabel ?
What Texas city got its name from the Spanish for `` yellow '' ?
What are the chemicals used in glowsticks ?
What country did the Nile River originate in ?
What color are tennis balls ?
What barroom judge called himself The Law West of the Pecos ?
What excuse did the NATO people give for hitting the Chinese embassy ?
What sports event is Meyer Wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in The Great Gatsby ?
What country has the best defensive position in the board game Diplomacy ?
What two countries share the Khyber Pass ?
Who was chairman of the Senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of Watergate ?
What is the origin of the surname of Braun ?
What card game has variations called Canfield , Klondike and Spider ?
What is Australia Day ?
What mammal of North America is the world 's longest-lived for its size ?
What was the Chivington Massacre ?
What actor starred in 1980 's Blue Lagoon , 1982 's The Pirate Movie and 1983 's A Night in Heaven ?
In what city is the headquarters of Sinn Fein ?
Where can I find information on George Bush ?
What is the dialogue circle in cartoons called ?
What does the word camaro mean , from the GM car the Camaro ?
Who replaced Bert Parks as the host of The Miss America Pageant ?
How many boys play the game in Winslow Homer 's 1872 painting Snap the Whip ?
What is the AIM-54C Phoenix ?
When are sheep shorn ?
What sport is Chris Jogis a top player of ?
What 's the second-largest island in the world ?
What is the definition of low island ?
What century does Captain Video live in ?
What types of water pollution are there ?
How many astronauts manned each Project Mercury flight ?
What are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s ?
Name the only extant trilogy of classical Greek plays .
What is the difference between Neoclassical art and Romanticism art ?
Who was the first person inducted into the U.S. Swimming Hall of Fame ?
What golfer has been called Ohio Fats and Blobbo ?
Who murdered Leno and Rosemary LaBianca on August 1
What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
What does God create in the first sentence of the Bible ?
Which of the following men was not married to Rita Hayworth ?
What is the current ticket fare from Cairo to Barbados ?
What does NN O' mean when used as a prefix in Irish surnames ?
How do you find oxidation numbers ?
What 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?
How many students attend the University of Massachusetts ?
Who said , `` I shall return . '' during World War Two ?
What holidays are celebrated in Ireland ?
Who portrayed Etta Place , companion to Butch Cassidey and the Sundance Kid ?
What are the Greek numerals ?
What 's the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of Laos ?
What is a fear of sleep ?
What auto race was Wilbur Reed the first to win three times ?
What are the most common breeding birds in the U.S. ?
What was organized as a Confederate veterans ' social club in Pulaski , in Tennessee , in 1866 ?
How do you look up criminal records on the Internet ?
What is an example of an actual case of using the Fourteenth Amendment ?
Who was the Charlie perfume woman ?
What singer became despondent over the death of Freddie Prinze , quit show business , and then quit the business ?
When did Iraqi troops invade Kuwait ?
What was Mark Johnson referring to when he said : `` I still ca n't believe it - we beat the Russians ? ''
What car was driven in the 1990 release of `` Smokey and the Bandit '' ?
What was the backup singing group for Roy Rogers ?
What famous singing cowboy owns the California Angels baseball team ?
What 1915 film was the first to gross $5 million ?
What causes someone to be ticklish ?
What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
How many Canadians emmigrate each year ?
What musical instrument did Sherlock Holmes play ?
Who was Gerald Ford 's vice president ?
What is `` the washed vodka '' ?
How many different languages are spoken in Europe ?
What 's a `` Drinker respirator '' better known as ?
Who invented batteries ?
Why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?
Where can I buy a good snowboard for less than $200 ?
What title did Suzette Charles assume for two months in 1984 ?
What was the infamous pseudonym of Peter Sutcliffe ?
What is Smokey The Bear 's middle name ?
What British TV series featured Emma Peel ?
What London street is the home of British journalism ?
What tragedy befell the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
What is the Immaculate Conception ?
What are the names of all the U.S. Navy aircraft carriers ?
What is Candlemas Day ?
In what city is the famed St. Mark 's Square ?
What does the Quarterly Review of Doublespeak call an `` inoperative statement '' ?
How much did the minimum wage amount to in 1991 ?
What is a pyrotechnic display ?
How do I find out about jobs ?
What Japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles ?
What is the chemical reactivity of argon ?
How many engines does a Boeing 737 have ?
What is the origin of the term `` The Brooklyn Side '' in bowling ?
What is a fear of being cold ?
How long was Mao 's 1930s Long March ?
What net game sees its women 's world amateur champions receive the Uber Cup ?
What four-legged creature did a Cornell University study say would make man 's best companion in space ?
What does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
What did British companies stick 175 , 0 tons of tea into in 1982 ?
How can I find out how much income tax is paid on Social Security income on the 1998 income tax ?
Who did Sonny Liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?
Name the various super-teams to which the Angel has belonged .
How does Zatanna perform her magic in DC comics ?
What President dispatched a cruiser to carry Charles Lindbergh home after his epic flight ?
Whose video is titled Shape Up with Arnold ?
In which Kevin Costner movie did Sioux Indians play a role ?
How many James Bond novels are there ?
How do you get dates with the `` Hooters '' girls ?
What bird can swim but ca n't fly ?
How can I get a comic character I made copyrighted and published ?
What is Plc ?
How much electricity does the brain need to work ?
How many acres in a mile ?
What Dickens novel has David carrying the message `` Barkis is willin '' to Peggy ?
What is a hyperlink ?
Who 's the twin brother of the Greek goddess Artemis ?
Where did marijuana come from ?
What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America , ?
What novel has Big Brother watching ?
How many Grammys did Michael Jackson win in 1983 ?
What does Elysium mean ?
What is Shalom ?
What was the favorite sport of Tom Wolfe 's The Pump House Gang ?
What organic fuel do bog-dwellers use a `` slane '' to cut ?
What is the average age of a member of the team that worked on the Manhatten Project ?
What country received all the Nobel Prizes awarded in 1976 ?
How do you get rid on woodpeckers ?
How many syllables are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry ?
What soft drink first appeared in the Old Corner Drug Store in Waco , Texas , in 1885 ?
What is Britain 's possession on the Chinese mainland ?
Who was America 's first Public Enemy No. 1 ?
How many children under 18 are victims of some sort of Physical Abuse each year ?
What is the origin of thank you notes ?
What did Jimmy Stewart invent ?
What generation am I in ?
What is a fear of hell ?
Who is Dear Abby ?
Who lives at 24 Sussex Drive , Ottawa ?
What is Jell-O made from ?
What are the only two states that incorporate the Confederate battle flag in their flags ?
How do you make panoramic sugar eggs for Easter - the ones with the scene inside ?
What 's the Southern dish made of pigs ' small intestines ?
Who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman ?
What is the executor in a will ?
What inescapable purveyor of background music celebrated its 5th anniversary in July , 1984 ?
How many people in America snore ?
Who is always trying to get the rent from Andy Capp ?
Who did Jackie Kennedy commission to write The Death of a President ?
Which drug is commonly used to treat AIDS ?
How many stars are there on the Soviet Union 's flag ?
What is the difference between microprocessors & microcontrollers ?
Who sought to create The Great Society ?
What are the lengths of pearl necklaces ?
Who said : `` Soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit '' ?
What is the proof that houseplants metabolize carcinogens ?
What prompted the co-pilot of the Enola Gay to enter only `` My God '' in his log ?
How long does it take the typical hen to lay 19 dozen eggs ?
What Colorado city owns its own glacier ?
What is the history of `` the toast '' ?
What was the name of the Protestant revolt against the supremacy of the Pope ?
What is an arab strap ?
Who is the current UN Secretary General ?
What two countries ' coastlines border the Bay of Biscay ?
Why did Egyptians shave their eyebrows ?
What organization did Mr. Waverly assign agents for ?
What are the characters ' names in the Scooby-Doo cartoon ?
What is a fear of cold ?
What was Eduard Shevardnadze 's job in the Soviet Union ?
What causes rust ?
Which is the only Dick Tracy villain to appear three times ?
What was the monster in Spielberg 's film `` Jaws '' ?
What color is an Arctic fox in winter ?
What do the names Neil , Mary , and Anthony mean ?
What European capital celebrated its 2 , 000th anniversary in 1951 ?
Why do people in the upper peninsula of Michagin say `` eh ? '' ?
What country was the setting of You Only Live Twice ?
What was the first Funk 'N Lata , Brazilian group , success ?
What is a handheld PC ?
What is Larry King 's job ?
How many calories are in a tomato ?
In what state was the first co-educational college established
What war saw a naval battle between the luxury liners Cap Trafalgar and the Carmania ?
What is the treatment for depression ?
What is a fear of slime ?
What country in Latin America is the largest one ?
On which Hawaiian island is Pearl Harbor ?
What feathered cartoon characters do Yugoslavians know as Vlaja , Gaja , and Raja ?
What Marx Brothers movie centers on a stolen painting ?
What was unusual about Alexandra 's appearance in Josie and the Pussycats ?
What is the origin of the word `` mind '' ?
What game is fatal to anybody over 21 ?
What is the death toll of people dying from tuberculosis ?
What happened to Moon Maiden ?
What city is wiener schnitzel named for ?
What are the Urals ?
How can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?
What desert has the highest sand dunes ?
What two countries contain Sierra Nevada mountains ?
How do you tell your parents you are dating an older man ?
How long was the TV mission of Star Trek 's Enterprise to be ?
What phone number can I call to have a tree planted ?
When did the `` Star-Spangled Banner '' become the national anthem ?
What are the four natural aids used in riding a horse ?
What continent 's name appears on the upper left corner of a Budweiser label ?
Who was the Secretary of War in the Civil War during the Battle of Gettysburg ?
Who did Bobby Fischer beat to win the world chess championship ?
How do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home ?
Where can I get information and statistics on countries and nations ?
What day is August 13 , 1971 ?
Where can I find a list of all the companies in America that offer a direct stock purchase plan ?
How do you send a movie transcript to Hollywood so that it can be produced into a film ?
What literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7,0 pounds ?
What is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ?
How big is a quart ?
What is the Hub of London ?
What causes panic attacks ?
What was the filling in the first golf balls ?
What drug did Sigmund Freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the treatment of neurasthenia ?
What country was A Terrible Beauty to Leon Uris ?
Where can I buy a hat like the kind Jay Kay from Jamiroquai wears ?
What are the Twin Cities ?
What is Beethoven 's 9th symphony called ?
Name the lawyer for Randy Craft .
What does Ms. , Miss , and Mrs. stand for ?
What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
What explosive do you get by mixing charcoal , sulfur and saltpeter ?
What mountainous region of the world is the Lhasa Apso dog native to ?
How long does it take light to reach the Earth from the Sun ?
Who lives at 39 Stone Canyon Way ?
How many questions are on this thing ?
Who played Humpty Dumpty in the 1933 film Alice in Wonderland ?
Who is Karenna Gore , Al Gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?
Who played the title role in I Was a Teenage Werewolf ?
Why are there olives in martinis ?
In what year did Hitler gain power of Germany ?
What year did Rossetti paint `` Beata Beatrix '' ?
What record company produced the 1978 movie The Wiz ?
Where can I find information about touring the Philippines ?
What did The Gas House Gang play ?
How many square feet is Bill Gates ' home ?
What is the name of actor Rex Harrison 's son , who starred in a modestly popular TV show during the late 1960's ?
What is the highest Roman numeral ?
What 's the most popular form of bridge ?
Who was the inventor of the stove ?
What comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes ?
Where can I find information on the cyclone that hit New Jersey on 8/28/1941 ?
What are the first ten amendements passed ?
What is another term for the painful wrist syndrome ?
What 's the difference between sleet and freezing rain ?
Who was made the first honorary citizen of the U.S. ?
What game is Garry Kasparov really good at ?
Where was Richard Nixon when Gerald Ford became president ?
Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?
What novel did Ian Fleming introduce James Bond in ?
What baseball team was routinely called `` dem bums '' by its frustrated fans ?
What are the major differences in the Catholic and Methodist religions ?
Name the On Stage character whose face was never seen .
How much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix ?
What is the best Internet business to go into ?
What does Venus Retrograde mean ?
Who is known as `` the world 's oldest teenager '' ?
What are the largest breweries in the world ?
What does Las Vegas mean ?
What does the word `` meta '' mean ?
What keeps clouds in the air ?
What 's the term for any four-sided figure ?
What country and western singer is known as The Silver Fox ?
What building appropriately enough is depicted on the back of the 1-dollar bill ?
What is graduate school ?
What is the difference between New York-style and Chicago-style pizza ?
What baseball team owner and sailor is known as The Mouth of the South ?
What type of betting is used in horse racing ?
What kind of hat does Bat Masterson wear ?
Who was with Patricia Hearst the night she was kidnapped ?
What is the Viking Prince 's first name ?
What does the abbreviation cwt. mean ?
In what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining medicine cabinets ?
What boxer 's life story is titled Raging Bull ?
Who advised listeners to `` see the U.S.A. in your Chevrolet '' ?
Where was the first restaurant ?
Where can I find full written draft of CTBT ?
How many horses died during the civil war ?
How much waste does an average dairy cow produce in a day ?
What woman has carried the most multiple births , twins , triplets , etc. , ?
How many minutes were there on the original GE College Bowl clock ?
What is the average time it takes for a male to ejaculate ?
What is website of the International Court of Justice ?
Where are 8 of the 10 highest mountains in the world ?
Where can I look at a perpetual calendar ?
In what year did the Bounty mutiny happen ?
What is the only substance that gives food its `` taste '' when eaten ?
How do you reference a website ?
What do the letters ZIP stand for in the phrase `` ZIP code '' ?
Which Bourbon king was restored to the French throne during Napoleon 's abdication ?
What are the words to `` My Way '' written by Paul Anka ?
How do I install a tile floor ?
What is the quickest and easiest way to get nail polish out of clothes ?
Why was the zipper invented ?
What 's the No. 1 killer in industrialized countries ?
Name four famous cartoon cats .
What daughter of Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn became queen of England ?
How did `` stat '' come to be used as an expression for quickly ?
What 's the most common nickname of U.S. college football teams ?
What 's the distinction of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall ?
What is the most useful site on the Internet ?
What was a Mae West on a World War II battleship ?
Define cosmology .
What comedienne upstaged Dwight D. Eisenhower 's first inauguration by giving birth to her first child ?
What are amicable numbers ?
When were the Olympic Games in which Nadia Comaneci became popular played ?
Where is Hearst Castle , built by publisher William Randolph Hearst ?
Who sang about Desmond and Molly Jones ?
What magazine gives us the cream , not the skim ?
What does the technique called `` cold fusion '' produce ?
What meter did Shakespeare use in writing : `` To be , or not to be , that is the question.. . '' ?
How many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?
What is the goat population of the world ?
What company was the original sponsor of TV 's Superman ?
What term does a Czech use to describe a Pole ?
What sea separates Naples and Algiers ?
How many lawyers are there in the state of New Jersey ?
What are the most common elements in seawater ?
Describe the Finnish music personality Salonen 's appearance .
What is the origin of the ethnic category `` caucasian '' ?
What kind of science is cosmology ?
Name the blind sculptress in love with the Fantastic Four 's Thing .
What 's the second-lightest element ?
What do you call a `` twirl '' in ballet ?
What is the brand name of daminozide ?
What is the former name of Zimbabwe ?
What National Basketball Association superstar told his story in Giant Steps ?
What animals did The Amazing Three masquerade as ?
How did the bikini bathing suite get its name ?
When did Fraze get his first patent for the pull-tab can ?
How many games are played in a five-team round-robin tournament ?
Who developed the first polio vaccine ?
Who made the first gas engine ?
What country claimed Rubens , Van Dyck and Bruegel as citizens ?
What civil war was fought between 1936 and 1939 ?
How many questions do you have on your database ?
How do clouds form ?
What character did Tex Avery first create upon arriving at MGM ?
What Asian spiritual and political leader was married at the age of 13 ?
What is the half-life of P-32 ?
What ocean does Mauritania border ?
Why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ?
Why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal cases ?
What do Christian Scientists believe in ?
What World War I battle saw 6,0 troops killed in one day ?
What country is Kosovo a part of ?
What computer operating system is on the most computers ?
What is Bill Gross 's email address ?
What is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy ?
What do the letters D.C. stand for in Washington , D.C. ?
What animals can live the longest without food ?
What English queen had seventeen children ?
What is the approximate population of Las Vegas , N.M ?
How much does the President get paid ?
What two baseball players make up the battery ?
What 's the largest letter in Salvador Dali 's signature ?
What does an irate car owner call iron oxide ?
Of children between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage watch `` The Simpsons '' ?
What 's the northernmost U.S. state apart from Alaska ?
Who sells Viagra ?
What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?
What is the Home Rule Act ?
What building are British monarchs crowned in ?
What are Bellworts ?
Who was Darius ?
What movie told of Anna Anderson 's claim to be a Russian czar 's daughter ?
Who did Dita Beard work for ?
What kind of creature is a coot ?
What country was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war , against the Turks in Libya ?
What is a fear of disease ?
What kind of meat is Fray Bentos synonymous with ?
What did Mr. Magoo flog on TV for General Electric ?
What are the words to the Canadian National anthem ?
Who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by Robin Williams in `` Dead Poets Society '' ?
What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
Name the five positions who are in the line of succession to the presidency .
Which one of the original seven Mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the Mercury flights ?
Who is the best known villain of the 165 Gunpowder Plot ?
Why was Muhammad Ali stripped of his title and barred from boxing in 1967 ?
Who killed more people , Hitler or Stalin ?
What caused Shea & Gould to close their L.A. office ?
What 's the only mammal that ca n't jump ?
What U.S. state has the most blondes ?
What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?
What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
What does the name Kelly mean ?
What is a phalanx ?
What mustachioed comedian portrayed Frankie in North to Alaska ?
What does each of the utilities cost in Monopoly ?
What actor and World War II airman had a $5,0 bounty put on his head by Hermann Goering ?
What does e.g. stand for ?
How do storms form ?
Who is Nicolo Paganini ?
What city is often called The Insurance Capital of the World ?
What are the three animals in Sheila Burnford 's The Incredible Journey ?
Who portrayed Dracula in Hammer Studios ' films ?
When were fish first believed to be found on earth ?
What President 's favorite Biblical quotation was : `` Come now , and let us reason together '' .
How many elevators do you ride to reach the top floor of the Empire State Building ?
Name the food company that traveled to Soviet Georgia to film a series of ads .
What country was Sir Edmund Hillary born in ?
What 's an infant seal called ?
What was the proper Laugh-In respones to : `` Say goodnight , Dick '' ?
What city was John F. Kennedy nominated for president in ?
How long does a dog sleep ?
What 1963 Joseph L. Mankiewicz film cost $28 million ?
What Japanese electronics company was named for a coastal city northeast of Tokyo ?
What can you be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
How much will the California be in the year 2000 ?
What mystery writer penned `` ...the glory that was Greece , and the grandeur that was Rome '' ?
What state full of milk and honey was the destination in The Grapes of Wrath ?
Name Li 'l Abner 's favorite Indian drink .
What are some important events of the 1830s ?
The Iraqis launched their attack on Kuwait on what day ?
What letter adorns the flag of Rwanda ?
What is God ?
What country 's northernmost city is Darwin ?
What sound does Olympia , Washington , overlook ?
What TV show chronicled the lives of Katy Holstrum and Congressman Glen Morley ?
What Kentucky city calls itself The Horse Center of America ?
How many penny-farthings are there on a Trivial Pursuit game board ?
What 's the most abundant element in the sun ?
What European country boasts the city of Furth , found where the rivers Rednitz and Pegnitz converge ?
What U.S. state is Dixville Notch in ?
Where was the Cisalpine Republic , 1797-185 , ?
What is the largest shopping mall in the world ?
What is the protagonist 's name in Dostoevski 's `` The Idiot '' ?
What penalty space lies between Baltic Avenue and Reading Railroad on a Monopoly board ?
What presidential press secretary dismissed Watergate as a third-rate burglary attempt ?
Who was Jean Nicolet ?
Which of these are authors ?
What 's the international radio code word for the letter B ?
Who was the original Humpty Dumpty ?
What is cache memory ?
When is President Nixon 's birthday ?
What is the origin of the midwest slang , `` you 're darn tootin '' ?
Whose cupboard was bare ?
What are the seven seas ?
What does IBM stand for ?
What is the difference between jazz and blues ?
What is the C programming language ?
What 's the name of Popeye 's adopted son ?
Who invented the vacuum cleaner ?
What is a `` borrow pit '' ?
What 20th-century fictional character attends Pencey Prep School ?
How many people in the USA say their number one source of information is the newspaper ?
Who does Shakespeare 's Antonio borrow 3,0 ducats from ?
Which country is known as `` Big Bear '' ?
What `` melts in your mouth , not in your hands '' .
How many times a day should you take a prescription marked `` q.i.d . '' ?
What is the origin of the atom ?
Which radio stations air the Jim Bohannon Radio Talk Show ?
What two commanders directed the forces in the Battle of El Alamein ?
How do I e-mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com ?
Who replies `` I know '' to Princess Leia 's confession `` I love you '' in The Empire Strikes Back ?
What is the meaning of the name Ella ?
What 's the home of the Rockettes ?
Where can I find all the information I need to know about the English Civil War , 1642-1649 , ?
What is the name of the firm that makes Spumante ?
What sport is played on the largest field ?
Who won the 1967 Academy Award for Best Actor ?
What is after death ?
What was football star Elroy Hirsch 's nickname ?
What singer sings `` Oh Boy '' ?
How much pizza do Americans eat in a day ?
What is the website for the USA journal ?
What army 's motto is Blood and Fire ?
What kind of patent did Ermal Fraze get in 1963 ?
What are you hearing when you put a seashell to your ear ?
Why are haunted houses popular ?
Which gender has bigger thighs ?
What U.S. state has the second-longest coastline ?
What state 's home to the Buffalo Bill Historical Center ?
How fast do cheetahs run ?
What is Ray Bradbury 's illustrated man illustrated with ?
How fast is a 45Mhz processor ?
What kind of puzzle first appeared in the U.S. in the New York World on December 21 , 1913 ?
What count did Alexandre Dumas write about ?
What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
What is the largest natural lake in Pennsylvania ?
How far is London UK from California ?
Name the two mystical ravens Odin has at his command .
What is the virus HIV ?
How many years old is Benny Carter ?
What Hermann Hesse book gave its name to a rock group ?
Where does the Santa Fe Trail begin and end ?
What book is the follow-up to Future Shock ?
What African animals are known as The Big Five ?
What is the alphabet for Latin ?
What is the fear of frogs ?
Which city in Canada is the least-populated ?
How old is Stevie Wonder ?
Who is Luke Skywalker 's father ?
What does a dipsomaniac crave ?
What is the definition of the term `` weapons system '' ?
What are Christopher Marlowe 's and Shakespeare 's literary contributions to English literature ?
What is Nero Wolfe 's favorite drink during office hours ?
What is the first personal computer company ?
What is the most efficient way to start a barbeque ?
Why are there Braille things on the ATM machines that people drive through ?
What book did Aaron Hass write ?
When will the millennium officially begin ?
Which Vietnamese terrorist is now a UN delegate in Doonesbury ?
What is real time processing ?
What do we call the imaginary line along the top of the Rocky Mountains ?
What country 's capital is Lagos ?
Where does Ray Bradbury 's Chronicles take place ?
Who is the current prime minister and president of Russia ?
Who established a Viking colony in Greenland about 985 ?
Where can I get information about cystic fibrosis ?
Where did Honecker rule ?
What is the theory of equivalence states ?
What does a philatelist collect ?
What is the life span of the average monkey ?
How many member states are in the UN ?
Who shot and killed himself while painting Wheatfield with Crows ?
What will happen when sodium is put in water ?
What 's the meaning of UOL ?
What future President became Senate majority whip under Harry Truman ?
Which operating system runs on IBM-compatible machines ?
What are the dimensions of an ice hockey goal ?
What are the signs of a country going into a recession ?
What is the circumorbital hematoma ?
What African country is governed from Ouagadougou ?
What was the Christian name of the title character in Our Miss Brooks ?
What hard-of hearing artist painted Sunflowers ?
Who were the Yankee 's frequent enemies ?
Who wrote Sons and Lovers ?
What handicraft requires you to interlace your warp and weft ?
What French seaport claims to be The Home of Wines ?
How long does it take sunlight to reach Earth ?
How many milliseconds in a second ?
What Cherokee Indian gave his name to a tree ?
When were camcorders introduced in Malaysia ?
What is the chance of conceiving quadruplets ?
Who was the star of Leave It to Beaver ?
What countries have the largest armed forces in the world ?
What was William F. Cody 's better-known name ?
How do I increase my biceps ' size ?
Who did Richard Nixon tender his resignation to ?
Who was Thucydides ?
How is the element strontium purified ?
Which of the following rock 'n roll stars has a `` star '' on Hollywood Boulevard ?
What are tonsils for ?
What molecules include fluorine , sodium and magnesium ?
What was the name of the ball game played by the mayans ?
What was the sequel to The Moon 's Balloon ?
What is the exchange rate for Australian to American money ?
What is the origin of the word `` posh '' ?
How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
How many states did Richard Nixon carry in 1972 ?
What basketball maneuver did Bert Loomis invent ?
What is a good book to read for people who hate to read ?
How many shillings more than 2 were there in a guinea ?
What does a tarantula eat ?
What are the three secondary colors ?
What does the name `` Sabrina '' mean ?
Who took over as conductor of the Boston Pops after Arthur Fiedler 's long reign ?
What were the trials called which followed World War II ?
What is hebephrenia ?
What Nazi leader killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ?
What famous events have happened on March 27 ?
Which company claimed to be `` the world 's biggest toy store '' ?
What brand number graces the black label of a bottle of Jack Daniel 's ?
What do I call the sons and daughters of my first cousins ?
What were the causes of the Civil War ?
What city is terrorized by Dracula in The Night Stalker ?
How can you prevent it ?
What do the names Andrew and Christina mean ?
What chocolate bar created by Frank Mars and his wife is often called a Milky Way with peanuts ?
Who is the fastest guitarist ?
What do camels store in their humps ?
What is the best hospital for orthopedics in the country ?
What are perfect tenses ?
What is commonly considered the fifth sense ?
What was another name for East Germany ?
What 's the second-biggest-selling magazine in America ?
Who betrayed Norway to the Nazis ?
Who took the toys donated for the Doodyville Orphans ' Fund and kept them for himself ?
What is a bourdon tube ?
Who were the Picts ?
What do Caroll Baker , Tammy Grimes , Debbie Reynolds , and Judy Garland all have in common ?
What is film noir ?
Who is stationed at Camp Swampy in the comic strips ?
In what year did China and the Republic of Korea establish diplomatic relations ?
What causes tuberculosis ?
What actor dressed up as Santa Claus and had a once-a-year affair with actress Shelley Winters every Christmas for many years ?
What animal was the heat-seeking missile called the Sidewinder named for ?
How long did it take Stanley to find Livingstone ?
How much of the nation 's children between the ages of two and eleven watch `` The Simpsons '' ?
What lake is Sheboygan on ?
What are a baseball team 's firemen ?
What is a fear of color ?
What Nantucket shipwreck killed more divers exploring it than the 52 people it sank with ?
What are the two largest birds on earth ?
Name the four stories contained in Edith Wharton 's `` Old New York . ''
What is the largest lake in North America ?
How many people died because of a smoking problem in 1997 ?
What is chronic constipation a symptom of ?
Who wrote The Look of Love after viewing Ursula Andress ?
What is the name of the American swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 Olympics ?
Who claims to have the greatest show on earth ?
What Honeymooners actress did Television magazine name as 1953 's most promising star ?
Why ca n't women serve in the Navy on board submarines ?
What did the Yalta Conference lead to ?
What dog was dubbed The Mortgage Lifter ?
What 's the difference between J.D. and LL.M. ?
What kind of organization is `` Last Chance for Animals '' ?
What was the role of the Medieval Guild ?
How can someone become a federal agent ?
Whom did Lauren Bacall marry after her husband Humphrey Bogart died ?
How many times in his 16-year National Basketball Associaton career was John Havlicek a member of the all-star team ?
Shea and Gould had an office in Los Angeles for how long before closing it ?
What word occurs 46,227 times in the Bible ?
How can you be happy ?
How would someone go about becoming an organ donor ?
What year did Degas create the bronze sculpture , `` Fourth Position Front ? ''
What composer was awarded the Medal of Honor by Franklin D. Roosevelt ?
How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?
How long after intercourse does it take to find out if you are pregnant ?
What does U.S.S.R. stand for ?
Who created the Fantastic Four , Hulk , and Thor ?
What is a fear of gravity ?
Who is the composer of `` Canon in D Major '' ?
What did n't Rocky Marciano do in his pro boxing career ?
Where are all European and American eels born ?
Who was the author of the novel `` Far From the Madding Crowd '' ?
What is the definition of `` graphic details '' ?
What was `` America 's recessed-filter cigarette '' ?
What kind of dog is Scooby Doo ?
What is the function of the appendix ?
What department store heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the Andrea Doria ?
Which sex is twice as likely to contract leprosy ?
What was the first town to be chartered in Vermont ?
What state has the longest Great Lakes shoreline ?
What U.S. state ends with a G ?
How many varieties of twins are there ?
What is a Cartesian Diver ?
What are the largest libraries in the US ?
Who was Camp David named for ?
What document did President Andrew Johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his burial ?
What happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered ?
What wheel did Blaise Pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion ?
How much money was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
In what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained ?
What country boasts the most dams ?
What is the regular price ?
What Metropolis landmark was first introduced in the Superman cartoons of the 1940's ?
Where can one find Mozambique ?
How do you recognize anorexia ?
What Mary Tyler Moore Show regular came into the world as Tadeus Wladyslaw Konopka ?
Who won the first World Series ?
What did Aaron Hass write ?
Who is Samuel Pickering ?
What was the business of the animated Sky Hawks ?
Who was credited with saying : `` I never met a man I did n't like '' ?
What overalls are named for Dungri , a suburb of Bombay ?
Why do rooftops give off steam after a big rainstorm ?
How much of the earth 's surface is permanently frozen ?
What is the connection between New Krypton and Daxam ?
How many people were executed for Abraham Lincoln 's assassination ?
What must a Las Vegas blackjack dealer do when he reaches 16 ?
What type of performer is Ileana Cotrubas ?
What line of candy products included Super Skrunch and Peanut Butter Oompas ?
Why did the Anglican church split from the Vatican ?
What organization has a Security Council ?
How would I find the price of different organs that have been donated ?
What Mexican leader was shot dead in 1923 ?
What does NECROSIS mean ?
What is magnetar ?
What feud ended with a marriage in Kentucky on March 21 , 1891 ?
What color is the stripe along each side of a Coho salmon ?
What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
What female painter produced primitives of rural New England life ?
What are names of two old men who appear in the serial tv Muppets Show ?
What should you yell to hail a taxi in Madrid ?
What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
What year did Apartheid start ?
Who created Big Ben ?
What city is found in the city of OZ ?
What ever happened to the once popular Yale Lock Company ?
Name the Marvel team loosely based on DC 's Justice League of America ?
What did a 16th-century Aztec athlete get for putting a rubber ball through a ring ?
What populous state covers 49,576 square miles ?
What college football team did Knute Rockne build into a power ?
In what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spill ?
What country did the ancient Romans refer to as Hibernia ?
In what high-risk business venture did Jimmy the Greek bet and lose ?
What do chefs call The Master Spice ?
What is a Devo hat ?
How long was the longest hiccup attack ?
What kind of weapons were used in Medieval warfare ?
What fruit-topped actress was known as The Brazilian Bombshell ?
When the Tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the U.S. , what moving company transported it ?
Who played the title role in My Favorite Martian ?
How does a scientific calculator work ?
What is a fear of fur ?
What part of their attire were `` pothooks '' to cowboys of the Old West ?
When did humans first begin to write history seriously ?
Why do we have to go to school ?
What is Toulmin logic ?
What city in the U.S. experienced the most growth recently ?
What is a dangling participle ?
What Tokyo street glitters with famed department stores and nightclubs ?
What was the average life expectancy during the Stone Age ?
When Mighty Mouse was conceived , what was his original name ?
What is the origin of the peace symbol ?
What group starred in the movie Rock Around the Clock ?
How many U.S. presidents were assassinated during Queen Victoria 's reign ?
What is Nathan Hamill 's role in the new Star Wars prequel ?
How many disks does each player have in a four-handed game of Crokinole ?
How can I find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in Massachusetts ?
How do I write to my Congressman ?
How many years ago did Led Zeppelin release its last album ?
What was the name of the famous battle between Texas and Mexico ?
What country are you in if you woo in the Wu dialect ?
What do you call a Poker hand with five cards of the same suit ?
What New York Yankee was known as The Iron Horse ?
Who is considered The First Lady of the American Stage ?
Who penned : `` Neither a borrower nor a lender be '' ?
What is moxie ?
What was the first Sam Spade novel ?
What song did Patti Page set people dancing to in 1950 ?
Who headed Hitler 's infamous Gestapo ?
What South American city features the exclusive Copacabana Beach and Ipanema ?
What German city do Italians call The Monaco of Bavaria ?
What island group contains Jersey , Guernsey , Sark and Herm ?
What is a fear of strong light ?
What is a person called that likes fire ?
Where was helium first discovered , hence its name ?
What is the best way to overcome a fear ?
Name a South African diamond producer ?
Who made the musical plea Be True to Your School ?
What French designer declared : `` The jean is the destructor ! It is a dictator ! It is destroying creativity . The jean must be stopped ! '' ?
What season is the setting for Shakespeare 's Midsummer Night 's Dream ?
Name a band which was famous in the 1960's .
What comedian was banned from the Ed Sullivan Show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show 's host ?
What country is the setting for Edgar Allan Poe 's The Pit and the Pendulum ?
What Apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while Armstrong and Aldrin made history ?
What Good Little Witch is Casper 's girlfriend ?
In which Tennessee Williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?
What was the nickname of Frederick I , Holy Roman Emperor and King of Germany ?
What war did the Potsdam Conference follow ?
What 's the most common non-contagious disease in the world ?
What month , date , and year did Charles I die ?
How many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water occupy ?
What 's the world 's largest cathedral ?
What effects do nitrates have on the environment ?
What is Nitrox diving ?
What three European countries begin with the letter A ?
What happened in the Long March ?
What was the name of Hitler 's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the Bavarian government in Munich in 1923 ?
How can I find online spelling ?
How many earthworms are in a single pasture ?
Who made Stonehenge ?
What is the average hourly rate of American workers ?
What sport features snatches and clean jerks ?
Who 's the founder and editor of The National Review ?
In what year did they build the Berlin Wall ?
Who was the first governor of West Virginia ?
What 's the world 's longest suspension bridge ?
What Asian city boasts the world 's biggest bowling alley ?
When will Jean Aeul publish her next book ?
What famous soldier was born in Europe , died in Asia , and was laid to rest in Africa ?
When it 's time to relax , what one beer stands clear ?
What baseball team became the Minnesota Twins ?
What kind of guitar did Jimi Hendrix play ?
What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
What constellation contains the twins Castor and Pollux ?
How many meters are in a mile ?
What is a gas release event ?
What James Michener book is subtitled Spanish Travels and Reflections ?
What famed London criminal court was once a feudal castle ?
How many milligrams are in a gram ?
What stringed weapon fires a bolt ?
Where did he get the title ?
Where can I find a large list of 5 to 6 letter words ?
What is Michael Jackson 's middle name ?
Who was the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic ?
What does `` Semper Fidelis '' mean ?
What kind of suit did true hepcats wear in 1942 ?
How can I find out my Moon sign ?
Why does a candle need a wick ?
What were the three prophecies the witches make to Macbeth ?
In what film did Steven Spielberg 's dog star as the main character 's dog ?
What are all the different kinds of contraceptives ?
How old is Jeremy Piven ?
What is the history of yo-yos ?
Which NBA players had jersey number 0 ?
What chocolate company gives you a one-pound kiss ?
How does one correctly pronounce `` qigong '' ?
What fossilizes to form coprolite ?
How many colored squares are there on a Rubik 's Cube ?
What Caribbean island is sometimes called Little England ?
Where can I find the lyrics for the song `` Getting Married Today '' from the musical `` Company '' ?
What 's another word that means `` knows all '' ?
Who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of Provo Canyon , Utah ?
What Australian city became the home of the America 's Cup ?
What is pasta ?
Name Randy Craft 's lawyer .
What color is `` ash '' ?
What is the best distance education university or college ?
What river does the Grand Coulee Dam dam ?
How often are quadruplets born ?
How does psorisis disappear ?
How many presidents have died on the 4th of July ?
What three colors are on the French flag ?
What 's the mystery of the Bermuda Triangle ?
Who portrayed Vincent Van Gogh in Lust for Life ?
What constitutes an adult ?
What is a reliable site that I can download Heretic 2 ?
What is a neurosurgeon ?
What baseball outcome required nine balls in 1879 , eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881 ?
What are amaretto biscuits ?
What common ailment ca n't you catch at the North Pole ?
What season begins with the vernal equinox ?
Who was known as the Time Master in comic books ?
What was the name of Roy Rogers 's dog ?
What TV series changed the names to protect the innocent ?
Where did cable cars first roll down Clay Street in 1873 ?
What is George Lucas 's e-mail address ?
How do I give a good massage ?
Who is the father of the computer ?
What is the origin of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it ?
What is the origin of a.m. and p.m. ?
What is the definition of cosmology ?
What is the name of the dog on the Cracker Jack box ?
What are manifest and latent function theories ?
What William Styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ?
Who said : `` Old soldiers never die ; they just fade away '' ?
What National League baseball team employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 seasons ?
What are snowballs to a hot-rodder ?
How long were Tyrannosaurus Rex 's teeth ?
What is the origin of the word Ozymandias ?
Who 's the only man to have won the Olympic decathlon twice ?
What Kenyan city is the safari center for East Africa ?
Why do men snore ?
What causes `` rolling thunder '' ?
What is the name of Miss India 1994 ?
What four U.S. states have active volcanoes ?
What 's the setting of John Le Carre 's A Small Town in Germany ?
What does an echidna look like ?
What is the secret of the universe ?
What caused an adjournment of the 25th anniversary session of the United Nations General Assembly ?
What is glass made of ?
How did Lee Harvey Oswald purchase his rifle ?
How do I sing like Elvis Presley ?
What are the biggest Indian airports ?
What is the folklore story regarding birds ' nests and birds in Christmas trees ?
What are the world 's three largest oceans , in order of size ?
Who is the Pope ?
Where on the Internet can I find information on laundry detergent ?
What do the French call La Manche ?
What 's an easy way to count the approximate number of fish in a lake ?
How do you clean up a cache ?
What was the name of Aristotle Onassis 's yacht ?
What is a fear of being dirty ?
What animal occurs in Spielberg 's `` Jaws '' ?
What 's the Red Planet ?
What 's the most common surname in America ?
How long does it take the typical American to eat 23 quarts of ice cream ?
What is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable ?
What kind of tree graces Lebanon 's flag ?
What is tumbled marble ?
What are the various ways in which one can measure IT User Satisfaction Level ?
What city is sometimes called The Athens of Switzerland ?
How does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to `` wave '' or `` pulse '' .
How can I easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts ?
How do you write MLA style bibliographies for an Internet source ?
Who is Imam Hussain Ben Ali whom Shia people believe in ?
What is the origin of the word assassinate ?
Where can I find information about Bob Barr , representative from Georgia ?
What is the frequency of VHF ?
What are the Arabic Numerals from 1 to 10 ?
What does the policeman become in the Canadian edition of Monopoly ?
How many electoral votes does it take to win presidency ?
What is digitalis ?
What kind of flowers does detective Nero Wolfe raise ?
What was paper made of in the late 16th century ?
Who was William Henry Harrison ?
What was the outcome of the 1945 Yalta Conference ?
What is `` flintknapping '' ?
What 's the most popular contact lens color ?
What were the cities of Dickens 's A Tale of Two Cities ?
What causes canker sores in the mouth ?
In what year was the movie the Ten Commandments released ?
What is the fastest fish in the world ?
What color are the castellated walls of the Kremlin ?
What is celebrated during the week of February 21-27 ?
What is damage to business and government caused by bureaucracy ?
What countries have the best math students ?
What was a California prayer book to an Old West gambler ?
Who was the first black performer to have his own network TV show ?
What did John F. Kennedy consider his greatest blunder in office ?
What 's the abbreviation for trinitrotoluene ?
What creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the world , birds , mammals , etc. , ?
What is IOC an abbreviation of ?
What 's the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed Kappa Alpha Theta ?
Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
Where did Freidreich Wilhelm Ludwig Leichhardt , Prussian born explorer , go to school ?
What color eyes are most sensitive to light ?
What company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?
What disease does Katharine Hepburn have that makes her voice shake ?
What did FCC chairman Newton Minow declare TV to be on May 9 , 1961 ?
How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
What two countries in South America are landlocked ?
What does Tiffany mean ?
Why do magnets attract ?
How do you address a Chinese person ?
What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
How do I impress a guy ?
What does the method called `` cold fusion '' create ?
What determines the value of the pearl ?
Which country did Hitler rule ?
What was the name of the American ship sunk by a mine in Havana harbor , causing the Spanish-American war ?
Who directed The Wild Bunch ?
What are emblazoned on the Jolly Roger ?
What are the alveoli ?
What comedian was born Allen Stewart Konigsberg ?
How many Leos have been Pope ?
What state was Herbert Hoover born in ?
What TV series featured Neal , a martini-drinking St. Bernard ?
What developed a crack in 1835 while tolling the death of U.S. Chief Justice John Marshall ?
How many fiddlers did Old King Cole have ?
What poet wrote : `` ... I have promises to keep , and miles to go before I sleep '' ?
What is ethylene ?
What Irwin Allen bomb has Richard Widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs ! '' ?
What is a fear of clouds ?
What is the music used in the new VW Beetle commercial where the car spins and changes colors ?
What is a fear of pregnancy ?
What is the population in India ?
What is the origin of the word `` pallbearer ? ''
How long do flies live ?
Who runs Andy Capp 's favorite pub ?
How many times a day does the typical person go to the bathroom ?
What bowl game began as an East-West contest between Michigan and Stanford in 1902 ?
What islands got their name from the Spanish baja mar , meaning shallow water ?
What is deadrise , nautical , ?
What 's the official language of Algeria ?
What took first prize in Omni magazine 's contest to find the `` ultimate unanswerable question '' ?
What six words follow the line : `` From a jack to a king.. '' ?
How do I find a city if I have the area code ?
What author of the Days of Our Lives Cookbook signed on in 198 as Liz Chandler in TV 's Days of Our Lives ?
What foods contain the most protein ?
What President was assassinated by Charles J. Guiteau ?
What comic of TV 's golden age went by the motto `` Anything for a laugh '' ?
How many feet long is a baseball pitcher 's rubber ?
What are the snakes of New England ?
How many times larger than life size is the Statue of Liberty ?
What is the name of the country which Hitler ruled ?
What group kidnaped Patricia Hearst ?
How long does a human live ?
Where can I get U.S. economic statistics ?
How many Superbowls have the ers won ?
What do you do when your mouse is n't working as fast as it 's supposed to ?
What is a gandy dancer ?
Which of the following celebrities started his show-biz career as a disc jockey ?
What Triple Crown-winning horse took the 1973 Belmont Stakes by 31 lengths ?
What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
What is the dot on an the letter i called ?
What 's the capital of Iowa ?
Who asked you to do the Loco-Motion with her in 1962 ?
What 's the rathaus in Frankfurt ?
What President served for five years , six months and 2 days ?
What do you call the feeling of having experienced something before ?
What incident caused the canning of a summit conference between Eisenhower and Khrushchev ?
What is the abbreviated form of the National Bureau of Investigation ?
What is a fear of odors , body , ?
What is the formula to calculate pi ?
What is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?
What is Drew Barrymore 's middle name ?
How do you write a book report ?
What are Cobol , Fortran , and Pascal ?
What is Supergirl 's secret identity ?
What is the US Federal Government website for Standard Industrial Classification codes , SIC , ?
What court does Bob Woodward describe in The Brethren ?
Who made the first surfboard ?
What is the name of the police officer who tried to keep order in Top Cat 's neighborhood ?
On what date did Rosa Parks Become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?
What are the highest-paying odds on a roulette table ?
In what year did the US Marine Corps adopt the motto `` Semper Fidelis '' ?
What does a deltiologist collect ?
What is Garry Kasparov famous for ?
What does the `` c '' stand for in the equation EEQUALSmc2 ?
What well-known music personality is the father of an adopted son named Hans Christian Henderson ?
How do you measure the heat of the sun ?
Why do some people have two different color eyes ?
Which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walking - its left rear or right rear leg ?
What 's the hardest substance in the human body ?
Who was the first woman governor of Wyoming ?
How many more weeks of winter are there if a ground hog sees his shadow ?
What Green Bay Packers coach philosophized : `` There 's nothing that stokes the fire like hate '' ?
How do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?
Where is the Henry Ford Museum ?
What 's the International Lawn Tennis Challenge Trophy usually called ?
What year did nylon stockings first go on sale ?
What is a research expedition in mountain climbing ?
On which flight did Fawaz Younis commit air piracy and hostage taking ?
What are the 10 largest cities in the US ?
What is a wart ?
What is spaceball played on ?
How does rabies spread ?
What famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the play ?
How can you tell if someone is lying ?
What is the difference between a preface and a foreword ?
What are fingernails made of ?
What nationality were the 123 people who died in the Black Hole of Calcutta ?
What does storm wave mean in Japanese ?
Why do they sterilize the needle for lethal injection ?
What TV family sometimes buys eclairs from Nelson 's Bakery ?
How can you get rust stains out of clothing ?
How does a small businessman contact the Good Humor Ice Cream company to do business with them ?
What enigmatic U.S. vice president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the West ?
Who sings Angel Eyes from the 80's ?
What is the one thing you need before you can purchase life insurance ?
What caused the Titanic to sink ?
What is the chemiosmotic theory ?
What information can you tell me about actor James Cromwell ?
How does an ion drive work ?
How can I trace my family roots ?
What was the date of Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait ?
What is another word for diet ?
What is a courier ?
What Sinatra hit did he dooby dooby do in ?
How do you get a girl to have sex with you ?
What award is the `` Oscar '' of advertising ?
What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
What ice creams contain seaweed ?
What dumb-but-loveable character did Maurice Gosfield play on The Phil Silvers Show ?
What is a `` USB '' port on a computer ?
What term means a sexual attraction between a male and a female ?
What was called the world 's largest department store ?
What sea surrounds the Cayman Islands ?
How many different vegetation zones are there ?
What does LOL mean ?
What ocean was Amelia Earhart flying over when she disappeared ?
What book does Holden Caulfield appear in ?
What happens when lightning strikes a body of water ?
What was the nickname of German flying ace Manfred von Richthofen ?
What does eEQUALSmc2 mean ?
What country other than Germany invaded Poland in September 1939 ?
How do I contact answers.com ?
What are the names of the different toes ?
What are different products of petroleum ?
What causes asthma ?
When was the Bill of Rights ratified ?
What do the number 1 , 2 , and 4 mean on Dr. Pepper bottles ?
How can I find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six months ?
What vowel do all Esperanto nouns end in ?
What is a heuristic ?
What California desert is dubbed High Desert ?
In the Miller Lite TV commercial , who is the creature ?
How did the jack-o'-lantern get it 's name ?
Where do the Blackhawks maintain their operations ?
Why are the rooftops in Canada green ?
What African country was founded by freed American slaves in 1847 ?
What year did the first issue of `` Playboy '' come out ?
What is a fear of motion ?
What pseudonym did William Sydney Porter use in writing The Gift of the Magi ?
What is a fear of glass ?
In Waugh 's `` A Handful of Dust '' , what does the mad old man force the hero to do every afternoon ?
What is the last name of Lucy and Linus from the Peanut 's comic strip ?
What cheery fellow got the ZIP code 99701 from the U.S. Postal Service in 1963 ?
How many layers does a bottle of Yoo-Hoo settle into ?
What 's the nearest star to Earth ?
What does Choo Choo Charlie say ?
How do I register a trade name in North Carolina ?
What was the number of assassinations and attempts to assassinate in the U.S. since 1865 ?
How many stations do you shoot from in the basketball game `` Around the World '' ?
What is a Jake brake ?
What sign is the best love match for a horoscope sign ?
Who was the Russian ambassador to Hungary during the 1956 uprising ?
Who holds the NFL record for most touchdowns in a season ?
What cards are bullets ?
What is the average age a horse lives ?
What planet would you visit to see Bebrenia , Arcadia , and Amazonis ?
Which language has the most words ?
Where is Natick ?
What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Gimli as a central character ?
Who is Shirley MacLaine ?
What is a fear of water ?
What does the number 33 on the Rolling Rock beer bottle mean ?
What is the origin of the city `` Corpus Christi '' ?
What was the first U.S.-based team in the NHL ?
Where did the sport of caber-tossing originate ?
Who played for the Chicago Bears , Houston Oilers and Oakland Raiders in a 26-year pro football career ?
Where are the Union Stockyards ?
Where does the weird shape of the dinner fish knife originate from ?
How many children does Ray Davies of the Kinks have ?
What did Walter Huston remove to perform in the movie The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ?
How much salt is in the oceans ?
What animals acted as lapwarmers for American colonists in church ?
Who won World War II ?
Where does `` bovine '' come from ?
Where does the U.S. get most of its energy ?
What country , after Canada and Mexico , is closest to the U.S. ?
What is the weakest bone in the body ?
What is dew point ?
Who was Garrett Morgan married to ?
How many stars are there in Big Dipper ?
How do you become a dentist ?
Who is Ishmael in Moby Dick ?
How many wings does a flea have ?
What country has been called The Queen of the Antilles ?
Where can I find a website that gives comparisons of good prices ?
What is multimedia ?
What is the difference between terry cloth and French terry ?
How long is Camptown Racetrack ?
Name the two blob members of the animated Herculoids .
Where did Luther display his `` Ninety-Five Theses '' ?
What are `` inkhorn terms '' ?
What is the difference between pop music and rock and roll ?
What river is Pocahontas buried along ?
What is `` bloodhound '' ?
What was Paul Bunyan 's ox 's name ?
What trophy is awarded to the winners of the Super Bowl ?
What well-known TV talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
What are the environmental influences on plant genetics ?
What one of the Backstreet Boys are single ?
How many people was Randy Craft convicted of murdering ?
What river flows through Vienna , Budapest and Belgrade ?
What Civil War general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through Georgia on his way to the sea ?
Who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for Post Grape Nuts ?
What is carpal tunnel syndrome ?
Which area produces the least acidic coffee ?
Why is it called `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it ?
What is the trademark of a Washington Redskin's fan ?
Why does cotton get caught in belly buttons ?
What suburban housewife and mother of three wrote The Feminine Mystique ?
How does a glacier form ?
On which date is the Ukrainians ' Christmas ?
What famed tennis tournament 's men 's singles title was Fred Perry the last Englishman to win ?
What is the average weight for a man ?
What are Britain 's two longest rivers ?
What country covers 8,600,387 square miles ?
What fuel do airplanes use ?
Name a canine cartoon character other than Huckleberry Hound to have a voice by Daws Butler .
What does palindromic mean ?
What baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the Atlantic and Pacific before the Panama Canal ?
In which state are the Mark Twain National Forests ?
What is the oldest ethnological museum in the world ?
How does Belle describe her life in Beauty and the Beast ?
What color flies closest to the staff on Belgium 's flag ?
What is the smallest thing seen under the most powerful microscope , and how big is it ?
Which ear can most people hear better with ?
Where have the most dinosaur remains been found ?
What letter appears on the cold-water tap in Spain ?
How do you say `` Grandma '' in Irish ?
Who shoplifts ?
What is a camel hair brush actually made out of ?
What is the Socratic method ?
What island has a park called The Battery at it 's southern tip ?
What is hypertext ?
How much
What do I need to learn to design web pages ?
What Peter Blatty novel recounts the horrors of Regan MacNeil 's possession by the devil ?
What is the all-time stock high of Apple Computer , and where can I find this information ?
Why are lions called `` King of the Jungle '' ?
What non-alcoholic syrup is made from pomegranate juice ?
What meter was invented by C.C. Magee in 1935 ?
When was Calypso music invented ?
What Caribbean island is northeast of Trinidad ?
What Michelangelo sculpture is in Saint Peter 's Cathedral , Basilica , ?
What 's the difference and advantages of selecting a Super VHS VCR over plain VHS model ?
How old is Bernadette Peters ?
Where can I find book reviews of `` Turbulent Souls '' ?
When did Hitler come to power in Germany ?
When did Gothic art and architecture flourish ?
Which two inventors invented Post-its ?
What day of the week was July 13 ?
Whose image is alleged to be on The Shroud of Turin ?
What does Salk vaccine prevent ?
What U.S. general was court-martialled for criticizing American air power ?
What is a fear of insanity ?
How do you convert foot-pounds to foot-inches ?
Who said : `` The victor will never be asked if he told the truth '' ?
Approximately how many students are enrolled at the University of Massachusetts ?
What do West Indian steel bands use as instruments ?
What is the fastest growing state in the U.S.A. in 1998 ?
How many American soldiers have died for their country to date ?
What was the name of the U.S. 's first manned space program ?
What were the achievements of Richard Nixon ?
Where does the opera singer Ileana Cotrubas come from ?
How do you do a bibliography with an unknown author ?
Saddam Hussein was compared to whom by President Bush ?
What year was the NAACP founded ?
In what year did Thatcher gain power ?
Where can I learn about Samuel Gompers ?
What jockey won 17 Triple Crown races ?
What U.S. state 's biggest lake is Lake Sam Rayburn ?
What is Greek pita ?
What do peacocks mate with ?
Who seized power from Milton Obote in 1971 ?
What state is Niagara Falls located in ?
What tools do you use to crewel ?
What is narcolepsy ?
What is the name of the American literary era that includes 1896 ?
What 's the term for an organism that lives on or in another ?
What Scandinavian capital is built on nine bridge-connected islands ?
What well-known actor is the father of star Alan Alda ?
What does the name `` Alexandra '' mean ?
What would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone china ?
What Stephen Sondheim ballad ends : `` Well , maybe next year.. . '' ?
How does the tail affect the flight of a kite ?
What date is Richard Nixon 's birthday ?
What film canine is buried in Pere-Lachaise cemetery in Paris ?
What little boy and dog live in a shoe ?
What percent of world 's fresh water is found in Canada ?
Why are the U.S. presidential elections held in November ?
How many grooves are on a dime ?
What was Marilyn Monroe 's real name ?
How does marijuana lead to other drugs ?
What father and son won the Medal of Honor ?
Which high schools are included in the South Florida Ice Hockey league ?
How many different types of skunks are there ?
Who is the Prophet of Medina ?
What 's the meaning of the zoological term ruminant ?
What is the name of the woman who was with John Belushi when he died ?
What is hyperopia ?
What color Poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ?
Which produces the longer sperm - an elephant or a mouse ?
What United States city produces the most oil ?
How do you pronounce `` Tzimisce '' ?
What TV show premiered on January 15 , 1981 ?
What was the only country in the Western Hemisphere to join the Russian-led boycott of the 1984 Summer Olympics ?
In what part of Africa is Mozambique located ?
Whose funeral train traveled from Washington D.C. to Springfield , Illinois ?
How did names come about ?
What 's the better-known identity of John Merrick , the noble ogre of Victorian England ?
What is her husband 's name ?
What cigarette company urged us , `` Come to where the flavor is ? ''
Which of the following did not receive a 1983 `` Outstanding Mother Award '' from the National Mother 's Day Committee ?
What Dynasty star made her 20th Century-Fox debut in The Virgin Queen ?
What actress holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of Life ?
What was the first TV set to include a remote control ?
Name the company that used the line , `` Even your best friend wo n't tell you '' in its ad ?
What first-aid product `` Helps the hurt stop hurting '' ?
How does ultraviolet light damage the DNA of skin cells ?
What was the verdict in the trial of Lizzie Borden ?
What U.S. President had brothers-in-law in the Confederate army ?
What does the Greek word polis mean , as in Minneapolis ?
Where can I find detailed information about Manchukuo ?
What actor learned to play the saxophone and speak Russian for a role in a movie ?
Who says , `` If you do n't look good , we do n't look good '' ?
How much money does each player get at the beginning of the game in Monopoly ?
